
           Supplemental Documentation
           for External Data Products:


  This documentation package provides supplemental
  information for the following four external data
  products:

      1.  State and County Gross Migration Tally,

      2.  State-to-State Migration Flows, and

      3.  County-to-County Migration Flows
        


  There are 7 sections in this documentation package.
  They are:

      1.  Definitions and Explanations

      2.  Data Product Content and Comparability

      3.  Code List for States and U.S.

      4.  Code List For Summary Level Categories Used in
          the State-to-State Migration Flow Data

      5.  Code List for Counties

      6.  Code List For Summary Level Categories Used in
          the County-to-County Migration Flow Data

      7.  Citations for Research and Evaluation Papers

      8.  Technical Documentation for Suppression
          Procedures






          Part A -- Definitions and Explanations


The Census Bureau annually obtains from the Internal Revenue
Service (IRS) an extract of individual income tax return
information for use in its statistical programs.  The information
is used to derive internal migration data for the administrative
records method for the postcensal population estimates for states,
counties and subcounty governmental units.  The data are also used
in the Census Bureau's population projections program.  The IRS
releases several of these data products such as the state-to-state
and county-to-county migration flows, and aggregate income tally
for counties.  This document provides a general description of the
preparation of these products and a more detailed description of
the definitions and universes in each data product.

Individual data are protected by the confidentiality statues of
Title 13 and Title 26; that is, no data can be released that would
identify directly or indirectly any individual taxpayer.  All of
the data released under this program are statistical summaries and
have undergone suppression procedures to ensure no inappropriate
disclosure of information.  The procedures are uniform across data
products and within products to ensure consistency and that
inadvertent disclosures from complementary data tables do not
occur.


BASIC DATA SOURCE

The extracts include records for individual income tax forms 1040,
1040A and 1040EZ (Beginning with the tax year 1987, the foreign
category also includes forms 1040NR, 1040PR, 1040VI and 1040SS.)
processed through Cycle 39 (the 39th week in the IRS's processing
year) which is in late September.  Returns processed after that
date are not included in the data.  The extracts usually contain
about 95 to 98 percent of all returns filed during any particular
tax year.  The returns cover the tax filing units -- the filer and
spouse of filer, plus all exemptions represented on the forms.  The
tax year 1997 file contained, for example, 105 million returns
representing about 227 million persons, as defined by the
exemptions reported on the forms.

Thus, there are two limitations of these data sources -- file
coverage and population coverage.  Because the file coverage is not
complete, any control counts shown in these tables will not match
analogous control counts in other IRS statistical data products.
Second, there are segments of the population that are   not well
represented by tax returns; most notably, the elderly and the poor.
Thus, care should be exercised when using these data as proxies for
the other population universes.


DECEASED FILERS

A deceased filer is identified by the abbreviation "DECD" in the
primary filer name field and a deceased spouse of filer similarly
identified.  A flag is set if "DECD" appears in the filer's name
field and a separate flag is set if the spouse of the filer has
"DECD" in the name field.  (The spouse of filer is also referred to
as secondary filer.)  The Census Bureau defines as "estate"
returns, those single returns with the filer deceased and those
joint returns with both the filer and spouse of filer deceased.
These "estate" returns are not included as returns in the data
products.  Deceased filers and deceased spouses are not included as
exemptions in the data products.


REFERENCE PERIOD

The tax returns are (mostly) filed during the spring following the
end of the tax year.  The 1996 tax returns are, for example, filed
in the spring of 1997 and represent residence as of filing.  Thus,
when we refer to income or the files themselves, we refer to tax
year.  When we refer to migration year, we refer to the year in
which the return was filed.  Thus, the match of tax years 1995 and
1996 produces 1996 to 1997 migration estimates.


MATCHING RETURNS

Tax returns are matched for two particular tax years (usually
current year and prior year).  These are generically referred to as
Year-1 (prior year) and Year-2 (current year).  There are three
categories of match status:  (a) matched, (b) unmatched, Year-1
only, and (c) unmatched, Year-2 only.  The match is made based on
the SSN of the primary filer only.   That is, no match is attempted
on the secondary filer.  Suppose, for example, a husband/wife
couple file a joint return in Year-1 but both file separate returns
in Year-2.  Then, the Year-1 joint return matches to the Year-2
husband's separate return.  The spouse's Year-2 separate return
becomes a nonmatch.  An analogous situation occurs with two
separate returns in Year-1 and a joint return in Year-2.  This
algorithm can be bothersome when changes in Federal and state tax
law induce a change in filing status for husband/wife couples.


GEOGRAPHIC CODING

In order to tabulate data for specific geographic areas 
(i.e., states and counties, each tax return has to be assigned a set of
State and County codes that reflect the residence of the filer.  
The geographic codes are now assigned under a new processing
system that includes the ZIP+4-to-County Coding Guide
(generally referred to as Z4CCG for county cross reference).

The Census Bureau's Geography Division (GEO) and Population Division (POP) 
have developed the Z4CCG to code IRS address records to a FIPS State and 
County code consistent with the Census Bureau's geographic support system.  
The new method combines U.S. Postal Service and Master Address File (MAF)/TIGER(TM) 
data in a file to geocode the highest number of IRS address records possible.  
The results comparing dual geocoding of Tax Year 2003 data showed that the new 
method improved the coverage (i.e., number of records coded) significantly.   

The Z4CCG began with a file prepared by the USPS which related each
ZIP+4 to a state and county.  GEO cross-checked the file against the
TIGER system and fixed erroneous relationships with the FIPS codes in 
TIGER. POP made specific changes and additions to account for the Island
Areas (Puerto Rico, Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, etc.), and for 
APO/FPO ZIP codes.

From the ZIP+4 code and the mailing address of the tax returns, 
we were then able to assign a state and county code from the Z4CCG
by matching on the nine digit ZIP+4 on the returns.  For each processing 
cycle, we code both the current year's file and the prior year's file using 
the current years Z4CCG.

The coding process assigns state/ county or state/ county
equivalent codes for the states in the U.S., and for the District
of Columbia.  We assign codes for APO/FPO ZIP codes and foreign entities.  
For the county level migration flows, 4 classes are identified: 
(a) APO/ FPO, (b) Puerto Rico, (c) Virgin Islands,
and (d) other foreign.


MOVER STATUS

We classify all matched returns as movers or non-movers comparing
address information on matched tax returns between the two tax
years.  A matched tax return is defined as a non-mover if (a) the
street address is the same between the two tax years, or (b) if the
mailing state code and the 5-digit ZIP code and the post office
name are identical in the two tax years.


A NOTE ON ADDRESSES AND MOVER STATUS

The address reported on the tax return is a mailing address and it
may not actually represent the residence address of the tax filer.
The following are the major reasons why the mailing address may not
always be the same as the residence address of the tax filer.

    1.   Tax Preparers or Accountants--some returns are sent
         directly to tax preparers and accountants.

    2.   Financial Institutions--some financial institutions will
         loan a taxpayer money based on the amount of refund due
         a taxpayer.  The refund is then sent directly to the
         financial institution.  Similar arrangements can be found
         at American Indian trading posts.

    3.   Business Addresses--some taxpayers have their individual
         income tax returns sent directly to their place of
         business.

    4.   College Students and Military -- some college students
         living at college or military living in barracks have
         their tax returns sent to the address of their parents'
         or another address.

    5.   Dual Residences -- some taxpayers maintain dual
         residences and live in each during different seasons.
         Thus, they may consider that they live in one state while
         having their tax return mailed to the other.  For
         example, a resident of New York may also live in Florida
         during the winter and have their return mailed to
         Florida.

    6.   Other Addresses -- for other reasons, the mailing address
         may not correspond with the residence address.  Some tax
         filers may, for instance, use a post office box as their
         mailing address.

Even though the mailing address on the tax return does not always
reflect where a person actually lives, we must assume the mailing
address is the residence address.  Because of this assumption, some
returns may be assigned an erroneous mover status.  For example, a
change in mailing address without a change in residence address
will cause an actual non-mover to be classified as a mover.
Conversely, a change in residence address without a change in
mailing address will lead a true mover to be classified as a non-
mover.

For more information on this issue, see the report by Douglas
Sater, entitled "Differences in Location of Households and Tax
Filing Units".


MIGRATION STATUS

Next, migration status is determined.  A non-mover is, by
definition a non-migrant.  However, a mover is not necessarily a
migrant.  That is, the tax payer may have moved, but stayed within
the same state and county.  The year-1 state and county geographic
codes are compared to the year-2 geographic codes.  If these two
sets of codes are identical, then the mover is a "non-migrant;"
whereas, if these codes differ, the mover is a "migrant".


NUMBER OF RETURNS

The number of returns includes records for individual income tax
forms 1040, 1040A, 1040EZ and 1040NR (the foreign category also
includes forms 1040PR, 1040VI and 1040SS) processed through Cycle
39 (the 39th week in the IRS processing year) which is in late
September.  Returns processed after that date are not included in
the data.  The number of returns also exclude single returns with
the filer deceased and joint returns with both the filer and spouse
of filer deceased (and there are no other filer exemptions on the
return); and returns that are not geographically coded.  Also, the
"zero exemption" returns are excluded.


ZERO EXEMPTION RETURNS

It is possible for a person to file a return and still be claimed
as an exemption on another person's return.  However, the tax filer
is not allowed to claim a personal exemption if he (or she) is
claimed as an exemption on another person's return.  Most of these
cases were children who had enough income to be required to file a
return, but who were also eligible to be claimed as an exemption on
their parents' return.  Responses to questions on the various 1040
forms identify these "zero exemption" cases.  These returns are not
tabulated as a return or as an exemption in the migration or income
data products.  However, the income included in these returns is
included in the aggregate income tables.


NUMBER OF EXEMPTIONS

The number of total exemptions (usually referred to as the
primary/secondary less deceased method) is defined as:(a) one for
the primary filer if not deceased; plus (b) one for the secondary
filer if present and not deceased; plus (c) the number of children
exemptions at home, away and with EIC; plus (d) the number of
parents' exemptions at home or away; plus (e) the number of other
exemptions.  The number of exemptions is defined from the year-2
returns for all matched returns and the year-2 only returns.  The
number of exemptions for the year-1 only returns are by necessity,
derived from the year-1 return.


AGE CLASSIFICATION

Filers age 65+ can claim an extra amount of standard deduction.
The filer is classified as "under age 65" if they did not mark the
age 65+ check box  (question 33a on the 1040 form), and "age 65+"
if they did.  Similarly, the spouse of filer is classified as
"under age 65" if they did not mark the age 65+ check box
(question 33a on the 1040 form), and "age 65+" if they did.
Children exemptions are all defined as "under age 65".  Parents'
exemptions are all defined as "age 65+".  Other exemptions are all
defined as "under age 65."


INCOME DATA

The income amounts represent the taxable income amounts shown on
the tax forms.  The amounts from the "estate" returns and the "zero
exemption" returns are included in the tallies.  Aggregate income
is the sum total of the income amounts from all applicable records.
Median income is derived from an income distribution tally, with
linear interpolation within the data cell in which the median is
included.

Wage and Salary Income includes income from wages, salaries, tips,
etc (see line 7 on the form 1040)

Interest Income includes taxable interest income and the non-
taxable interest income (see lines 8a and 8b in the form 1040)

Dividend income includes taxable distributions of money, stock, or
other property received from domestic or foreign corporations,
excluding non-taxable distributions or distributions that are
treated as interest income (see line 9 on the form 1040).

Gross rent and royalty income includes the income from rents,
royalties, partnerships, estates, trusts, etc. as reported on
Schedule E, excluding deductions for depreciation and business
expenses.

Adjusted gross income includes the taxable income from all sources,
less the adjustments to income, such as IRS deduction, self
employment tax and health insurance, alimony paid, etc.  (See line
32 on the form 1040).

Total income is a special definition which most closely
approximates the Census Bureau's definition of total income.  It is
the sum of the following items:

    1. wage and salary
    2. total interest (taxable and tax-exempt)
    3. dividends (taxable)
    4. alimony received
    5. business income (or loss)
    6. total pensions and annuities
    7. net rents, royalties, estates, trusts, etc. (or loss)
    8. farm income (or loss)
    9. unemployment compensation
   10. total social security benefits (taxable and nontaxable)

Note that it does not include (a) capital gains distributions
(lines 13 and 14 on the form 1040), (b) taxable refunds or credits
from state or local income taxes (line 10 on the form 1040), or (c)
other income (line 21 on the form 1040).  Also, it does not include
the IRS' adjustments to income (lines 23 to 30a on the 1040).


TOTAL MATCHED RETURNS

The tax returns that are matched between year-1 and year-2, are not
"estate" or zero exemption" returns, and that are coded to state/
county in both years are included.  We also include any year-2 only
return that is a 1040NR and that is coded to state/ county.  The
matched returns are subclassified into non-migrants, 3 classes of
out-migrants and 3 classes of in-migrants.


NON-MIGRANT

A matched return is classified as a "non-migrant" at the county
level if the return is a non-mover, or if the year-1 state/ county
code is the same as the year-2 state/ county code.  A matched
return is classified as a "non-migrant" at the state level if the
return is a non-mover, or if the year-1 state code is the same as
the year-2 state code.


MIGRANT

A matched return is classified as a "migrant" at the county level
if the return is a mover, and if the year-1 state/ county code is
different from the year-2 state/ county code.  A matched return is
classified as a "migrant" at the state level if the return is a
mover, and if the year-1 state code is different from the year-2
state code. The migrants are tabulated twice in all the migration
data products: (1) as an out-migrant from the origin (year-1) state
or county; and (2) as an in-migrant to the destination (year-2)
state or county.  The total out-migration and the total in-
migration are shown in all the migration data products.  In
addition, subclassifications of the migration are also shown.  For
example, the State and County Gross Migration data product shows
three subclassifications of out-migration and in-migration.  It
shows: (1) the out-migration to a different county in the same
state; (2) the out-migration to a different state in the U.S.;  (3)
the out-migration to foreign;  (4) the in-migration from a
different county in the same state; (5) the in-migration from a
different state in the U.S.; and (6) the in-migration from foreign.


OUT-MIGRANT TO FOREIGN

A migrant is classified as an "out-migrant to foreign" if the year-
2 state code is foreign (either APO/ FPO, Puerto Rico,
Virgin Islands, or other).


OUT-MIGRANT TO DIFFERENT STATE

A migrant is classified as an "out-migrant to different state" if
the year-2 state code is in the U.S., and the year-1 state code and
the year-2 state codes are different.


OUT-MIGRANT TO SAME STATE DIFFERENT COUNTY

A migrant is classified as an "out-migrant to same state different
county" if the year-2 state code is in the U.S., and the year-1
state code and the year-2 state codes are the same, but the year-1
county code and the year-2 county codes are different.  Note that
this data cell is not defined for states, or for the county level
equivalent of the District of Columbia.


IN-MIGRANT FROM FOREIGN

A migrant is classified as an "in-migrant from foreign" if the
year-1 state code is foreign (either APO/ FPO, Puerto Rico,
Virgin Islands, or other), or if the return is a year-2 only
1040NR.


IN-MIGRANT FROM DIFFERENT STATE

A migrant is classified as an "in-migrant from different state" if
the year-1 state code is in the U.S., and the year-1 state code and
the year-2 state codes are different.


IN-MIGRANT FROM SAME STATE DIFFERENT COUNTY

A migrant is classified as an "in-migrant from same state different
county" if the year-1 state code is in the U.S., and the year-1
state code and the year-2 state codes are the same, but the year-1
county code and the year-2 county codes are different.  Note that
this data cell is not defined for states, or for the county level
equivalent of the District of Columbia.


NON-MATCHED RETURNS

Records that do not match on the primary SSN between the year-1
file and the year-2 file are classified as nonmatches.  These
nonmatches are referred to as year-1 onlys (there is a record in
the year-1 file, but not in the year-2 file) and year-2 onlys
(there is a record in the year-2 file, but not in the year-1 file).

YEAR-1 ONLY

For the tabulation purposes, the data cell "Year-1 Only" includes
the year-1 only non-matched returns, and it also includes the
matched returns that are coded to state/ county in year-1 but not
coded to state/ county in year-2.


YEAR-2 ONLY

For the tabulation purposes, the data cell "Year-2 Only" includes
the year-2 only non-matched returns, and it also includes the
matched returns that are coded to state/ county in year-2 but not
coded to state/ county in year-1.  It also excludes year-2 only
non-matched returns that heve a return type of "1040NR".

AVERAGE OR MEAN INCOME

The average AGI and average TMI values are not shown on the user
files, but can be computed by dividing the aggregate income by
the number of returns.

MEDIAN AGI

The median AGI shown on the user products is derived from grouped
data.  That is, from a tally of the number of returns in 14 income
intervals.  The 14 data cells are:

    1 = $-9,999,999 to $0
    2 = $1 to $4,999
    3 = $5,000 to $9,999
    4 = $10,000 to $14,999
    5 = $15,000 to $19,999
    6 = $20,000 to $24,999
    7 = $25,000 to $29,999
    8 = $30,000 to $34,999
    9 = $35,000 to $39,999
   10 = $40,000 to $44,999
   11 = $45,000 to $49,999
   12 = $50,000 to $74,999
   13 = $75,000 to $99,999
   14 = $100,000 to $99,999,999

If the median falls in cells 2 to 13, then the median is computed
using standard linear interpolation between the end points of the
cell.  If the median falls in cell 1, then the median is coded to
"-1".  If the median falls in cell 14, then the median is coded to
"1".






        Part B -- Data Product Content and Comparability


STATE AND COUNTY GROSS MIGRATION

The file contains a record for each state, county and county
equivalent in the U.S. (including the District of Columbia).

There are a total of 44 data cells represented on the file; four
tally groups by 11 data cells.  The four tally groups are:  the
number of returns; the number of exemptions (all ages); the number
of exemptions age under 65; and the number of exemptions age 65 and
over.  Each tally group contains the following 11 data cells: all
records; matched records; non-migrants; in-migrants from a
different county in the same state; in-migrants from a different
state; in-migrants from foreign; out-migrants to a different county
in the same state; out-migrants to a different state; out-migrants
to foreign; Year-1 onlys; and Year-2 onlys.


STATE-TO-STATE MIGRATION FLOWS

The State-to-State Migration Flows consists of two separate files,
one for the in-migration flows and another for the out-migration
flows.

The in-migration flow file contains records for the state level
migration flows to each state in the U.S. (including the District
of Columbia) from other states in the U.S., from foreign, and for
non-migrants.  There are 3 total records for each state,
representing the total of all in-migration flows from other states.
The 3 total records are:

      1.  total of all in-migration flows from other states
          in the U.S. and from foreign;
      2.  total of all in-migration flows from other states
          in the U.S.
      3.  total of all in-migration flows from foreign

There are also 3 similar records total records representing the sum
of all in-migration flows for all states in the U.S.

The data items included in the file are: FIPS State codes for the
origin and the destination states, the 2-character state name
abbreviations for the origin and the destination states, a state
name field, the number of returns in the flow, the number of
exemptions in the flow, the aggregate adjusted gross income for the
flow, and the median adjusted gross income for the flow.  For the
1995-1996 migration flow data only, the file also contains two
extra data cells: the aggregate total money income for the flow,
and the median total money income for the flow.

The out-migration flow file contains records for the state level
migration flows from each state in the U.S. (including the District
of Columbia) to other states in the U.S., to foreign, and for
non-migrants.  There are 3 total records for each state,
representing the total of all out-migration flows to other states.
The 3 total records are:

      1.  total of all out-migration flows to other states
          in the U.S. and from foreign;
      2.  total of all out-migration flows to other states
          in the U.S.
      3.  total of all out-migration flows to foreign

There are also 3 similar records total records representing the sum
of all out-migration flows to all states in the U.S.

The data items included in the file are: FIPS State codes for the
origin and the destination states, the 2-character state name
abbreviations for the origin and the destination states, a state
name field, the number of returns in the flow, the number of
exemptions in the flow, the aggregate adjusted gross income for the
flow, and the median adjusted gross income for the flow.  For the
1995-1996 migration flow data only, the file also contains two
extra data cells: the aggregate total money income for the flow,
and the median total money income for the flow.


COUNTY-TO-COUNTY MIGRATION FLOWS

The County-to-County Migration Flows consists of two separate
files, one for the in-migration flows and another for the out-
migration flows.

The in-migration flow file contains records for the county level
migration flows to each county in the U.S. (including the District
of Columbia) from other counties in the U.S., from foreign, and for
non-migrants. (There are 4 foreign categories included: Puerto
Rico; Virgin Islands; APO/FPO ZIP codes; and foreign countries.)
Only those in-migration flows containing 10 or more returns are
included.  The other in-migration flows are aggregated into various
summary categories.

For each county, there are 5 total records representing the sum of
all in-migration flows from all areas.

      1.  total of all in-migration flows from other counties
          in the U.S. and from foreign;
      2.  total of all in-migration flows from other counties
          in the U.S.
      3.  total of all in-migration flows from other counties
          in same state in the U.S.
      4.  total of all in-migration flows from other counties
          in different states in the U.S.
      5.  total of all in-migration flows from foreign

These total records are also summed up to the state, and to the
U.S. and included on the file.

The data items included in the file are: FIPS State and county
codes for the origin and the destination states, the 2-character
state name abbreviation, a county name field, the number of returns
in the flow, the number of total exemptions in the flow, the
aggregate adjusted gross income for the flow, and the median
adjusted gross income for the flow.  For the 1995-1996 migration
flow data only, the file also contains two extra data cells: the
aggregate total money income for the flow, and the median total
money income for the flow.

The out-migration flow file contains records for the county level
migration flows from each county in the U.S. (including the
District of Columbia) to other counties in the U.S., to foreign,
and for non-migrants. (There are 4 foreign categories included:
Puerto Rico; Virgin Islands; APO/FPO ZIP codes; and foreign
countries.)  Only those out-migration flows containing 10 or more
returns are included.  The other out-migration flows are aggregated
into various summary categories.

For each county, there are 5 total records representing the sum of
all out-migration flows to all areas.

      1.  total of all out-migration flows to other counties
          in the U.S. and to foreign;
      2.  total of all out-migration flows to other counties
          in the U.S.
      3.  total of all out-migration flows to other counties
          in same state in the U.S.
      4.  total of all out-migration flows to other counties
          in different states in the U.S.
      5.  total of all out-migration flows to foreign

These total records are also summed up to the state, and to the
U.S. and included on the file.

The data items included in the file are: FIPS State and county
codes for the origin and the destination states, the 2-character
state name abbreviation, a county name field, the number of returns
in the flow, the number of total exemptions in the flow, the
aggregate adjusted gross income for the flow, and the median
adjusted gross income for the flow.  For the 1995-1996 migration
flow data only, the file also contains two extra data cells: the
aggregate total money income for the flow, and the median total
money income for the flow.


COMPARABILITY OF DATA ITEMS BETWEEN PRODUCTS

The total number of returns is not shown in the State-to-State Migration 
Flows or the County-to-County migration flows.

The number of returns and total exemptions for non-migrants from
the State and County Gross Migration File match the corresponding
numbers for non-migrants contained in the State-to-State Migration
Flows and the County-to-County Migration Flows.

The State-to-State Migration Flows and the County-to-County
Migration Flows include total migration numbers derived from the
sum of all the individual migration flows.  These totals match the
corresponding numbers in the State and County Gross Migration File.


SUPPRESSION OF DATA

In order to protect the confidentiality of information for
individual taxpayers, data cells that are based on a small number
of returns will not be shown.  For state level tabulations, the
cell must be based on atleast 3 returns to be shown.  For county
level tabulations, the cell must be based on atleast 10 returns to
be shown.  All other data cells will be suppressed.  The
suppression procedures are designed to maintain additivity across
and within geographic levels, and comparability across data
products.

A variety of suppression methods are used.  The data cell may be
suppressed by replacing the data with "d".  The data may be
suppressed by adding the value into another data cell, and
replacing the value with "d".  The data cell may be suppressed by
adding the value into the value for another piece of geography, and
replacing the value with "d".  Data cells may be suppressed by
accumulating the data into higher level geographic levels, and not
showing the lowest geographic level.  In addition to the direct
suppression if selected data cells, complimentary suppression of
other data cells may be done to prevent the rederivation of
suppressed data from the totals or from other data products.
Complimentary suppression may be done across data cells or across
geography.

Part H of this document provides for the detailed suppression
procedures used in each of the 4 data products.  This section is
not generally distributed as a part of this documentation package,
but can be made available upon request.






         Part C -- Code List for States and U.S.


US  U.S. Total           00-000

AL  Alabama              01-000     MT  Montana            30-000
AK  Alaska               02-000     NE  Nebraska           31-000
AZ  Arizona              04-000     NV  Nevada             32-000
AR  Arkansas             05-000     NH  New Hampshire      33-000
CA  California           06-000     NJ  New Jersey         34-000
CO  Colorado             08-000     NM  New Mexico         35-000
CT  Connecticut          09-000     NY  New York           36-000
DE  Delaware             10-000     NC  North Carolina     37-000
DC  District of Columbia 11-000     ND  North Dakota       38-000
FL  Florida              12-000     OH  Ohio               39-000
GA  Georgia              13-000     OK  Oklahoma           40-000
HI  Hawaii               15-000     OR  Oregon             41-000
ID  Idaho                16-000     PA  Pennsylvania       42-000
IL  Illinois             17-000     RI  Rhode Island       44-000
IN  Indiana              18-000     SC  South Carolina     45-000
IA  Iowa                 19-000     SD  South Dakota       46-000
KS  Kansas               20-000     TN  Tennessee          47-000
KY  Kentucky             21-000     TX  Texas              48-000
LA  Louisiana            22-000     UT  Utah               49-000
ME  Maine                23-000     VT  Vermont            50-000
MD  Maryland             24-000     VA  Virginia           51-000
MA  Massachusetts        25-000     WA  Washington         53-000
MI  Michigan             26-000     WV  West Virginia      54-000
MN  Minnesota            27-000     WI  Wisconsin          55-000
MS  Mississippi          28-000     WY  Wyoming            56-000
MO  Missouri             29-000     FR  Foreign            57-000






     Part D -- Code List for Summary Level Categories
     in the State-to-State Migration Flow Data


               Totals of All Migration Flows:

Total migration                                      96-000
Total migration to/from U.S.                         97-000
Total migration to/from foreign                      98-000


                     Non-Migrants:

Special codes for non-migrants are not used.  The record can be
identified where the origin state code is the same as the
destination state code.






              Part E -- Code List for Counties


                                  01-087   MACON COUNTY
01-000   ALABAMA                  01-089   MADISON COUNTY
01-001   AUTAUGA COUNTY           01-091   MARENGO COUNTY
01-003   BALDWIN COUNTY           01-093   MARION COUNTY
01-005   BARBOUR COUNTY           01-095   MARSHALL COUNTY
01-007   BIBB COUNTY              01-097   MOBILE COUNTY
01-009   BLOUNT COUNTY            01-099   MONROE COUNTY
01-011   BULLOCK COUNTY           01-101   MONTGOMERY COUNTY
01-013   BUTLER COUNTY            01-103   MORGAN COUNTY
01-015   CALHOUN COUNTY           01-105   PERRY COUNTY
01-017   CHAMBERS COUNTY          01-107   PICKENS COUNTY
01-019   CHEROKEE COUNTY          01-109   PIKE COUNTY
01-021   CHILTON COUNTY           01-111   RANDOLPH COUNTY
01-023   CHOCTAW COUNTY           01-113   RUSSELL COUNTY
01-025   CLARKE COUNTY            01-115   ST. CLAIR COUNTY
01-027   CLAY COUNTY              01-117   SHELBY COUNTY
01-029   CLEBURNE COUNTY          01-119   SUMTER COUNTY
01-031   COFFEE COUNTY            01-121   TALLADEGA COUNTY
01-033   COLBERT COUNTY           01-123   TALLAPOOSA COUNTY
01-035   CONECUH COUNTY           01-125   TUSCALOOSA COUNTY
01-037   COOSA COUNTY             01-127   WALKER COUNTY
01-039   COVINGTON COUNTY         01-129   WASHINGTON COUNTY
01-041   CRENSHAW COUNTY          01-131   WILCOX COUNTY
01-043   CULLMAN COUNTY           01-133   WINSTON COUNTY
01-045   DALE COUNTY
01-047   DALLAS COUNTY            02-000   ALASKA
01-049   DE KALB COUNTY           02-013   ALEUTIANS EAST BOROU
01-051   ELMORE COUNTY            02-016   ALEUTIANS WEST CENSU
01-053   ESCAMBIA COUNTY          02-020   ANCHORAGE BOROUGH
01-055   ETOWAH COUNTY            02-050   BETHEL CENSUS AREA
01-057   FAYETTE COUNTY           02-060   BRISTOL BAY BOROUGH
01-059   FRANKLIN COUNTY          02-068   DENALI BOROUGH
01-061   GENEVA COUNTY            02-070   DILLINGHAM CENSUS AR
01-063   GREENE COUNTY            02-090   FAIRBANKS NORTH STAR
01-065   HALE COUNTY              02-100   HAINES BOROUGH
01-067   HENRY COUNTY             02-110   JUNEAU BOROUGH
01-069   HOUSTON COUNTY           02-122   KENAI PENINSULA BORO
01-071   JACKSON COUNTY           02-130   KETCHIKAN GATEWAY BO
01-073   JEFFERSON COUNTY         02-150   KODIAK ISLAND BOROUG
01-075   LAMAR COUNTY             02-164   LAKE AND PENINSULA B
01-077   LAUDERDALE COUNTY        02-170   MATANUSKA-SUSITNA BO
01-079   LAWRENCE COUNTY          02-180   NOME CENSUS AREA
01-081   LEE COUNTY               02-185   NORTH SLOPE BOROUGH
01-083   LIMESTONE COUNTY         02-188   NORTHWEST ARCTIC BOR
01-085   LOWNDES COUNTY           02-201   PRINCE OF WALES-OUTE






02-220   SITKA BOROUGH            05-043   DREW COUNTY
02-232   SKAGWAY-HOONAH -ANGO     05-045   FAULKNER COUNTY
02-240   SOUTHEAST FAIRBANKS      05-047   FRANKLIN COUNTY
02-261   VALDEZ-CORDOVA CENSU     05-049   FULTON COUNTY
02-270   WADE HAMPTON CENSUS      05-051   GARLAND COUNTY
02-280   WRANGELL-PETERSBURG      05-053   GRANT COUNTY
02-282   YAKUTAT BOROUGH          05-055   GREENE COUNTY
02-290   YUKON-KOYUKUK CENSUS     05-057   HEMPSTEAD COUNTY
                                  05-059   HOT SPRING COUNTY
04-000   ARIZONA                  05-061   HOWARD COUNTY
04-001   APACHE COUNTY            05-063   INDEPENDENCE COUNTY
04-003   COCHISE COUNTY           05-065   IZARD COUNTY
04-005   COCONINO COUNTY          05-067   JACKSON COUNTY
04-007   GILA COUNTY              05-069   JEFFERSON COUNTY
04-009   GRAHAM COUNTY            05-071   JOHNSON COUNTY
04-011   GREENLEE COUNTY          05-073   LAFAYETTE COUNTY
04-012   LA PAZ COUNTY            05-075   LAWRENCE COUNTY
04-013   MARICOPA COUNTY          05-077   LEE COUNTY
04-015   MOHAVE COUNTY            05-079   LINCOLN COUNTY
04-017   NAVAJO COUNTY            05-081   LITTLE RIVER COUNTY
04-019   PIMA COUNTY              05-083   LOGAN COUNTY
04-021   PINAL COUNTY             05-085   LONOKE COUNTY
04-023   SANTA CRUZ COUNTY        05-087   MADISON COUNTY
04-025   YAVAPAI COUNTY           05-089   MARION COUNTY
04-027   YUMA COUNTY              05-091   MILLER COUNTY
                                  05-093   MISSISSIPPI COUNTY
05-000   ARKANSAS                 05-095   MONROE COUNTY
05-001   ARKANSAS COUNTY          05-097   MONTGOMERY COUNTY
05-003   ASHLEY COUNTY            05-099   NEVADA COUNTY
05-005   BAXTER COUNTY            05-101   NEWTON COUNTY
05-007   BENTON COUNTY            05-103   OUACHITA COUNTY
05-009   BOONE COUNTY             05-105   PERRY COUNTY
05-011   BRADLEY COUNTY           05-107   PHILLIPS COUNTY
05-013   CALHOUN COUNTY           05-109   PIKE COUNTY
05-015   CARROLL COUNTY           05-111   POINSETT COUNTY
05-017   CHICOT COUNTY            05-113   POLK COUNTY
05-019   CLARK COUNTY             05-115   POPE COUNTY
05-021   CLAY COUNTY              05-117   PRAIRIE COUNTY
05-023   CLEBURNE COUNTY          05-119   PULASKI COUNTY
05-025   CLEVELAND COUNTY         05-121   RANDOLPH COUNTY
05-027   COLUMBIA COUNTY          05-123   ST. FRANCIS COUNTY
05-029   CONWAY COUNTY            05-125   SALINE COUNTY
05-031   CRAIGHEAD COUNTY         05-127   SCOTT COUNTY
05-033   CRAWFORD COUNTY          05-129   SEARCY COUNTY
05-035   CRITTENDEN COUNTY        05-131   SEBASTIAN COUNTY
05-037   CROSS COUNTY             05-133   SEVIER COUNTY
05-039   DALLAS COUNTY            05-135   SHARP COUNTY
05-041   DESHA COUNTY             05-137   STONE COUNTY






05-139   UNION COUNTY             06-081   SAN MATEO COUNTY
05-141   VAN BUREN COUNTY         06-083   SANTA BARBARA COUNTY
05-143   WASHINGTON COUNTY        06-085   SANTA CLARA COUNTY
05-145   WHITE COUNTY             06-087   SANTA CRUZ COUNTY
05-147   WOODRUFF COUNTY          06-089   SHASTA COUNTY
05-149   YELL COUNTY              06-091   SIERRA COUNTY
                                  06-093   SISKIYOU COUNTY
06-000   CALIFORNIA               06-095   SOLANO COUNTY
06-001   ALAMEDA COUNTY           06-097   SONOMA COUNTY
06-003   ALPINE COUNTY            06-099   STANISLAUS COUNTY
06-005   AMADOR COUNTY            06-101   SUTTER COUNTY
06-007   BUTTE COUNTY             06-103   TEHAMA COUNTY
06-009   CALAVERAS COUNTY         06-105   TRINITY COUNTY
06-011   COLUSA COUNTY            06-107   TULARE COUNTY
06-013   CONTRA COSTA COUNTY      06-109   TUOLUMNE COUNTY
06-015   DEL NORTE COUNTY         06-111   VENTURA COUNTY
06-017   EL DORADO COUNTY         06-113   YOLO COUNTY
06-019   FRESNO COUNTY            06-115   YUBA COUNTY
06-021   GLENN COUNTY
06-023   HUMBOLDT COUNTY          08-000   COLORADO
06-025   IMPERIAL COUNTY          08-001   ADAMS COUNTY
06-027   INYO COUNTY              08-003   ALAMOSA COUNTY
06-029   KERN COUNTY              08-005   ARAPAHOE COUNTY
06-031   KINGS COUNTY             08-007   ARCHULETA COUNTY
06-033   LAKE COUNTY              08-009   BACA COUNTY
06-035   LASSEN COUNTY            08-011   BENT COUNTY
06-037   LOS ANGELES COUNTY       08-013   BOULDER COUNTY
                                  08-014   BROOMFIELD COUNTY
06-039   MADERA COUNTY            08-015   CHAFFEE COUNTY
06-041   MARIN COUNTY             08-017   CHEYENNE COUNTY
06-043   MARIPOSA COUNTY          08-019   CLEAR CREEK COUNTY
06-045   MENDOCINO COUNTY         08-021   CONEJOS COUNTY
06-047   MERCED COUNTY            08-023   COSTILLA COUNTY
06-049   MODOC COUNTY             08-025   CROWLEY COUNTY
06-051   MONO COUNTY              08-027   CUSTER COUNTY
06-053   MONTEREY COUNTY          08-029   DELTA COUNTY
06-055   NAPA COUNTY              08-031   DENVER COUNTY
06-057   NEVADA COUNTY            08-033   DOLORES COUNTY
06-059   ORANGE COUNTY            08-035   DOUGLAS COUNTY
06-061   PLACER COUNTY            08-037   EAGLE COUNTY
06-063   PLUMAS COUNTY            08-039   ELBERT COUNTY
06-065   RIVERSIDE COUNTY         08-041   EL PASO COUNTY
06-067   SACRAMENTO COUNTY        08-043   FREMONT COUNTY
06-069   SAN BENITO COUNTY        08-045   GARFIELD COUNTY
06-071   SAN BERNARDINO COUNT     08-047   GILPIN COUNTY
06-073   SAN DIEGO COUNTY         08-049   GRAND COUNTY
06-075   SAN FRANCISCO COUNTY     08-051   GUNNISON COUNTY
06-077   SAN JOAQUIN COUNTY       08-053   HINSDALE COUNTY
06-079   SAN LUIS OBISPO COUN     08-055   HUERFANO COUNTY






08-057   JACKSON COUNTY           10-003   NEW CASTLE COUNTY
08-059   JEFFERSON COUNTY         10-005   SUSSEX COUNTY
08-061   KIOWA COUNTY
08-063   KIT CARSON COUNTY        11-000   DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA
08-065   LAKE COUNTY              11-001   DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA
08-067   LA PLATA COUNTY
08-069   LARIMER COUNTY           12-000   FLORIDA
08-071   LAS ANIMAS COUNTY        12-001   ALACHUA COUNTY
08-073   LINCOLN COUNTY           12-003   BAKER COUNTY
08-075   LOGAN COUNTY             12-005   BAY COUNTY
08-077   MESA COUNTY              12-007   BRADFORD COUNTY
08-079   MINERAL COUNTY           12-009   BREVARD COUNTY
08-081   MOFFAT COUNTY            12-011   BROWARD COUNTY
08-083   MONTEZUMA COUNTY         12-013   CALHOUN COUNTY
08-085   MONTROSE COUNTY          12-015   CHARLOTTE COUNTY
08-087   MORGAN COUNTY            12-017   CITRUS COUNTY
08-089   OTERO COUNTY             12-019   CLAY COUNTY
08-091   OURAY COUNTY             12-021   COLLIER COUNTY
08-093   PARK COUNTY              12-023   COLUMBIA COUNTY
08-095   PHILLIPS COUNTY
08-097   PITKIN COUNTY            12-027   DE SOTO COUNTY
08-099   PROWERS COUNTY           12-029   DIXIE COUNTY
08-101   PUEBLO COUNTY            12-031   DUVAL COUNTY
08-103   RIO BLANCO COUNTY        12-033   ESCAMBIA COUNTY
08-105   RIO GRANDE COUNTY        12-035   FLAGLER COUNTY
08-107   ROUTT COUNTY             12-037   FRANKLIN COUNTY
08-109   SAGUACHE COUNTY          12-039   GADSDEN COUNTY
08-111   SAN JUAN COUNTY          12-041   GILCHRIST COUNTY
08-113   SAN MIGUEL COUNTY        12-043   GLADES COUNTY
08-115   SEDGWICK COUNTY          12-045   GULF COUNTY
08-117   SUMMIT COUNTY            12-047   HAMILTON COUNTY
08-119   TELLER COUNTY            12-049   HARDEE COUNTY
08-121   WASHINGTON COUNTY        12-051   HENDRY COUNTY
08-123   WELD COUNTY              12-053   HERNANDO COUNTY
08-125   YUMA COUNTY              12-055   HIGHLANDS COUNTY
                                  12-057   HILLSBOROUGH COUNTY
09-000   CONNECTICUT              12-059   HOLMES COUNTY
09-001   FAIRFIELD COUNTY         12-061   INDIAN RIVER COUNTY
09-003   HARTFORD COUNTY          12-063   JACKSON COUNTY
09-005   LITCHFIELD COUNTY        12-065   JEFFERSON COUNTY
09-007   MIDDLESEX COUNTY         12-067   LAFAYETTE COUNTY
09-009   NEW HAVEN COUNTY         12-069   LAKE COUNTY
09-011   NEW LONDON COUNTY        12-071   LEE COUNTY
09-013   TOLLAND COUNTY           12-073   LEON COUNTY
09-015   WINDHAM COUNTY           12-075   LEVY COUNTY
                                  12-077   LIBERTY COUNTY
10-000   DELAWARE                 12-079   MADISON COUNTY
10-001   KENT COUNTY              12-081   MANATEE COUNTY






12-083   MARION COUNTY            13-043   CANDLER COUNTY
12-085   MARTIN COUNTY            13-045   CARROLL COUNTY
12-086   MIAMI-DADE COUNTY
12-087   MONROE COUNTY            13-047   CATOOSA COUNTY
12-089   NASSAU COUNTY            13-049   CHARLTON COUNTY
12-091   OKALOOSA COUNTY          13-051   CHATHAM COUNTY
12-093   OKEECHOBEE COUNTY        13-053   CHATTAHOOCHEE COUNTY
12-095   ORANGE COUNTY            13-055   CHATTOOGA COUNTY
12-097   OSCEOLA COUNTY           13-057   CHEROKEE COUNTY
12-099   PALM BEACH COUNTY        13-059   CLARKE COUNTY
12-101   PASCO COUNTY             13-061   CLAY COUNTY
12-103   PINELLAS COUNTY          13-063   CLAYTON COUNTY
12-105   POLK COUNTY              13-065   CLINCH COUNTY
12-107   PUTNAM COUNTY            13-067   COBB COUNTY
12-109   ST. JOHNS COUNTY         13-069   COFFEE COUNTY
12-111   ST. LUCIE COUNTY         13-071   COLQUITT COUNTY
12-113   SANTA ROSA COUNTY        13-073   COLUMBIA COUNTY
12-115   SARASOTA COUNTY          13-075   COOK COUNTY
12-117   SEMINOLE COUNTY          13-077   COWETA COUNTY
12-119   SUMTER COUNTY            13-079   CRAWFORD COUNTY
12-121   SUWANNEE COUNTY          13-081   CRISP COUNTY
12-123   TAYLOR COUNTY            13-083   DADE COUNTY
12-125   UNION COUNTY             13-085   DAWSON COUNTY
12-127   VOLUSIA COUNTY           13-087   DECATUR COUNTY
12-129   WAKULLA COUNTY           13-089   DE KALB COUNTY
12-131   WALTON COUNTY            13-091   DODGE COUNTY
12-133   WASHINGTON COUNTY        13-093   DOOLY COUNTY
                                  13-095   DOUGHERTY COUNTY
13-000   GEORGIA                  13-097   DOUGLAS COUNTY
13-001   APPLING COUNTY           13-099   EARLY COUNTY
13-003   ATKINSON COUNTY          13-101   ECHOLS COUNTY
13-005   BACON COUNTY             13-103   EFFINGHAM COUNTY
13-007   BAKER COUNTY             13-105   ELBERT COUNTY
13-009   BALDWIN COUNTY           13-107   EMANUEL COUNTY
13-011   BANKS COUNTY             13-109   EVANS COUNTY
13-013   BARROW COUNTY            13-111   FANNIN COUNTY
13-015   BARTOW COUNTY            13-113   FAYETTE COUNTY
13-017   BEN HILL COUNTY          13-115   FLOYD COUNTY
13-019   BERRIEN COUNTY           13-117   FORSYTH COUNTY
13-021   BIBB COUNTY              13-119   FRANKLIN COUNTY
13-023   BLECKLEY COUNTY          13-121   FULTON COUNTY
13-025   BRANTLEY COUNTY          13-123   GILMER COUNTY
13-027   BROOKS COUNTY            13-125   GLASCOCK COUNTY
13-029   BRYAN COUNTY             13-127   GLYNN COUNTY
13-031   BULLOCH COUNTY           13-129   GORDON COUNTY
13-033   BURKE COUNTY             13-131   GRADY COUNTY
13-035   BUTTS COUNTY             13-133   GREENE COUNTY
13-037   CALHOUN COUNTY           13-135   GWINNETT COUNTY
13-039   CAMDEN COUNTY            13-137   HABERSHAM COUNTY






13-139   HALL COUNTY              13-237   PUTNAM COUNTY
13-141   HANCOCK COUNTY           13-239   QUITMAN COUNTY
13-143   HARALSON COUNTY          13-241   RABUN COUNTY
13-145   HARRIS COUNTY            13-243   RANDOLPH COUNTY
13-147   HART COUNTY              13-245   RICHMOND COUNTY
13-149   HEARD COUNTY             13-247   ROCKDALE COUNTY
13-151   HENRY COUNTY             13-249   SCHLEY COUNTY
13-153   HOUSTON COUNTY           13-251   SCREVEN COUNTY
13-155   IRWIN COUNTY             13-253   SEMINOLE COUNTY
13-157   JACKSON COUNTY           13-255   SPALDING COUNTY
13-159   JASPER COUNTY            13-257   STEPHENS COUNTY
13-161   JEFF DAVIS COUNTY        13-259   STEWART COUNTY
13-163   JEFFERSON COUNTY         13-261   SUMTER COUNTY
13-165   JENKINS COUNTY           13-263   TALBOT COUNTY
13-167   JOHNSON COUNTY           13-265   TALIAFERRO COUNTY
13-169   JONES COUNTY             13-267   TATTNALL COUNTY
13-171   LAMAR COUNTY             13-269   TAYLOR COUNTY
13-173   LANIER COUNTY            13-271   TELFAIR COUNTY
13-175   LAURENS COUNTY           13-273   TERRELL COUNTY
13-177   LEE COUNTY               13-275   THOMAS COUNTY
13-179   LIBERTY COUNTY           13-277   TIFT COUNTY
13-181   LINCOLN COUNTY           13-279   TOOMBS COUNTY
13-183   LONG COUNTY              13-281   TOWNS COUNTY
13-185   LOWNDES COUNTY           13-283   TREUTLEN COUNTY
13-187   LUMPKIN COUNTY           13-285   TROUP COUNTY
13-189   MCDUFFIE COUNTY          13-287   TURNER COUNTY
13-191   MCINTOSH COUNTY          13-289   TWIGGS COUNTY
13-193   MACON COUNTY             13-291   UNION COUNTY
13-195   MADISON COUNTY           13-293   UPSON COUNTY
13-197   MARION COUNTY            13-295   WALKER COUNTY
13-199   MERIWETHER COUNTY        13-297   WALTON COUNTY
13-201   MILLER COUNTY            13-299   WARE COUNTY
13-205   MITCHELL COUNTY          13-301   WARREN COUNTY
13-207   MONROE COUNTY            13-303   WASHINGTON COUNTY
13-209   MONTGOMERY COUNTY        13-305   WAYNE COUNTY
13-211   MORGAN COUNTY            13-307   WEBSTER COUNTY
13-213   MURRAY COUNTY            13-309   WHEELER COUNTY
13-215   MUSCOGEE COUNTY          13-311   WHITE COUNTY
13-217   NEWTON COUNTY            13-313   WHITFIELD COUNTY
13-219   OCONEE COUNTY            13-315   WILCOX COUNTY
13-221   OGLETHORPE COUNTY        13-317   WILKES COUNTY
13-223   PAULDING COUNTY          13-319   WILKINSON COUNTY
13-225   PEACH COUNTY             13-321   WORTH COUNTY
13-227   PICKENS COUNTY
13-229   PIERCE COUNTY            15-000   HAWAII
13-231   PIKE COUNTY              15-001   HAWAII COUNTY
13-233   POLK COUNTY              15-003   HONOLULU COUNTY
13-235   PULASKI COUNTY           15-005   KALAWAO COUNTY






15-007   KAUAI COUNTY
15-009   MAUI COUNTY              17-000   ILLINOIS
                                  17-001   ADAMS COUNTY
16-000   IDAHO                    17-003   ALEXANDER COUNTY
16-001   ADA COUNTY               17-005   BOND COUNTY
16-003   ADAMS COUNTY             17-007   BOONE COUNTY
16-005   BANNOCK COUNTY           17-009   BROWN COUNTY
16-007   BEAR LAKE COUNTY         17-011   BUREAU COUNTY
16-009   BENEWAH COUNTY           17-013   CALHOUN COUNTY
16-011   BINGHAM COUNTY           17-015   CARROLL COUNTY
16-013   BLAINE COUNTY            17-017   CASS COUNTY
16-015   BOISE COUNTY             17-019   CHAMPAIGN COUNTY
16-017   BONNER COUNTY            17-021   CHRISTIAN COUNTY
16-019   BONNEVILLE COUNTY        17-023   CLARK COUNTY
16-021   BOUNDARY COUNTY          17-025   CLAY COUNTY
16-023   BUTTE COUNTY             17-027   CLINTON COUNTY
16-025   CAMAS COUNTY             17-029   COLES COUNTY
16-027   CANYON COUNTY            17-031   COOK COUNTY
16-029   CARIBOU COUNTY           17-033   CRAWFORD COUNTY
16-031   CASSIA COUNTY            17-035   CUMBERLAND COUNTY
16-033   CLARK COUNTY             17-037   DE KALB COUNTY
16-035   CLEARWATER COUNTY        17-039   DE WITT COUNTY
16-037   CUSTER COUNTY            17-041   DOUGLAS COUNTY
16-039   ELMORE COUNTY            17-043   DU PAGE COUNTY
16-041   FRANKLIN COUNTY          17-045   EDGAR COUNTY
16-043   FREMONT COUNTY           17-047   EDWARDS COUNTY
16-045   GEM COUNTY               17-049   EFFINGHAM COUNTY
16-047   GOODING COUNTY           17-051   FAYETTE COUNTY
16-049   IDAHO COUNTY             17-053   FORD COUNTY
16-051   JEFFERSON COUNTY         17-055   FRANKLIN COUNTY
16-053   JEROME COUNTY            17-057   FULTON COUNTY
16-055   KOOTENAI COUNTY          17-059   GALLATIN COUNTY
16-057   LATAH COUNTY             17-061   GREENE COUNTY
16-059   LEMHI COUNTY             17-063   GRUNDY COUNTY
16-061   LEWIS COUNTY             17-065   HAMILTON COUNTY
16-063   LINCOLN COUNTY           17-067   HANCOCK COUNTY
16-065   MADISON COUNTY           17-069   HARDIN COUNTY
16-067   MINIDOKA COUNTY          17-071   HENDERSON COUNTY
16-069   NEZ PERCE COUNTY         17-073   HENRY COUNTY
16-071   ONEIDA COUNTY            17-075   IROQUOIS COUNTY
16-073   OWYHEE COUNTY            17-077   JACKSON COUNTY
16-075   PAYETTE COUNTY           17-079   JASPER COUNTY
16-077   POWER COUNTY             17-081   JEFFERSON COUNTY
16-079   SHOSHONE COUNTY          17-083   JERSEY COUNTY
16-081   TETON COUNTY             17-085   JO DAVIESS COUNTY
16-083   TWIN FALLS COUNTY        17-087   JOHNSON COUNTY
16-085   VALLEY COUNTY            17-089   KANE COUNTY
16-087   WASHINGTON COUNTY        17-091   KANKAKEE COUNTY






17-093   KENDALL COUNTY           17-189   WASHINGTON COUNTY
17-095   KNOX COUNTY              17-191   WAYNE COUNTY
17-097   LAKE COUNTY              17-193   WHITE COUNTY
17-099   LA SALLE COUNTY          17-195   WHITESIDE COUNTY
17-101   LAWRENCE COUNTY          17-197   WILL COUNTY
17-103   LEE COUNTY               17-199   WILLIAMSON COUNTY
17-105   LIVINGSTON COUNTY        17-201   WINNEBAGO COUNTY
17-107   LOGAN COUNTY             17-203   WOODFORD COUNTY
17-109   MCDONOUGH COUNTY
17-111   MCHENRY COUNTY           18-000   INDIANA
17-113   MCLEAN COUNTY            18-001   ADAMS COUNTY
17-115   MACON COUNTY             18-003   ALLEN COUNTY
17-117   MACOUPIN COUNTY          18-005   BARTHOLOMEW COUNTY
17-119   MADISON COUNTY           18-007   BENTON COUNTY
17-121   MARION COUNTY            18-009   BLACKFORD COUNTY
17-123   MARSHALL COUNTY          18-011   BOONE COUNTY
17-125   MASON COUNTY             18-013   BROWN COUNTY
17-127   MASSAC COUNTY            18-015   CARROLL COUNTY
17-129   MENARD COUNTY            18-017   CASS COUNTY
17-131   MERCER COUNTY            18-019   CLARK COUNTY
17-133   MONROE COUNTY            18-021   CLAY COUNTY
17-135   MONTGOMERY COUNTY        18-023   CLINTON COUNTY
17-137   MORGAN COUNTY            18-025   CRAWFORD COUNTY
17-139   MOULTRIE COUNTY          18-027   DAVIESS COUNTY
17-141   OGLE COUNTY              18-029   DEARBORN COUNTY
17-143   PEORIA COUNTY            18-031   DECATUR COUNTY
17-145   PERRY COUNTY             18-033   DE KALB COUNTY
17-147   PIATT COUNTY             18-035   DELAWARE COUNTY
17-149   PIKE COUNTY              18-037   DUBOIS COUNTY
17-151   POPE COUNTY              18-039   ELKHART COUNTY
17-153   PULASKI COUNTY           18-041   FAYETTE COUNTY
17-155   PUTNAM COUNTY            18-043   FLOYD COUNTY
17-157   RANDOLPH COUNTY          18-045   FOUNTAIN COUNTY
17-159   RICHLAND COUNTY          18-047   FRANKLIN COUNTY
17-161   ROCK ISLAND COUNTY       18-049   FULTON COUNTY
17-163   ST. CLAIR COUNTY         18-051   GIBSON COUNTY
17-165   SALINE COUNTY            18-053   GRANT COUNTY
17-167   SANGAMON COUNTY          18-055   GREENE COUNTY
17-169   SCHUYLER COUNTY          18-057   HAMILTON COUNTY
17-171   SCOTT COUNTY             18-059   HANCOCK COUNTY
17-173   SHELBY COUNTY            18-061   HARRISON COUNTY
17-175   STARK COUNTY             18-063   HENDRICKS COUNTY
17-177   STEPHENSON COUNTY        18-065   HENRY COUNTY
17-179   TAZEWELL COUNTY          18-067   HOWARD COUNTY
17-181   UNION COUNTY             18-069   HUNTINGTON COUNTY
17-183   VERMILION COUNTY         18-071   JACKSON COUNTY
17-185   WABASH COUNTY            18-073   JASPER COUNTY
17-187   WARREN COUNTY            18-075   JAY COUNTY






18-077   JEFFERSON COUNTY         18-173   WARRICK COUNTY
18-079   JENNINGS COUNTY          18-175   WASHINGTON COUNTY
18-081   JOHNSON COUNTY           18-177   WAYNE COUNTY
18-083   KNOX COUNTY              18-179   WELLS COUNTY
18-085   KOSCIUSKO COUNTY         18-181   WHITE COUNTY
18-087   LAGRANGE COUNTY          18-183   WHITLEY COUNTY
18-089   LAKE COUNTY
18-091   LA PORTE COUNTY          19-000   IOWA
18-093   LAWRENCE COUNTY          19-001   ADAIR COUNTY
18-095   MADISON COUNTY           19-003   ADAMS COUNTY
18-097   MARION COUNTY            19-005   ALLAMAKEE COUNTY
18-099   MARSHALL COUNTY          19-007   APPANOOSE COUNTY
18-101   MARTIN COUNTY            19-009   AUDUBON COUNTY
18-103   MIAMI COUNTY             19-011   BENTON COUNTY
18-105   MONROE COUNTY            19-013   BLACK HAWK COUNTY
18-107   MONTGOMERY COUNTY        19-015   BOONE COUNTY
18-109   MORGAN COUNTY            19-017   BREMER COUNTY
18-111   NEWTON COUNTY            19-019   BUCHANAN COUNTY
18-113   NOBLE COUNTY             19-021   BUENA VISTA COUNTY
18-115   OHIO COUNTY              19-023   BUTLER COUNTY
18-117   ORANGE COUNTY            19-025   CALHOUN COUNTY
18-119   OWEN COUNTY              19-027   CARROLL COUNTY
18-121   PARKE COUNTY             19-029   CASS COUNTY
18-123   PERRY COUNTY             19-031   CEDAR COUNTY
18-125   PIKE COUNTY              19-033   CERRO GORDO COUNTY
18-127   PORTER COUNTY            19-035   CHEROKEE COUNTY
18-129   POSEY COUNTY             19-037   CHICKASAW COUNTY
18-131   PULASKI COUNTY           19-039   CLARKE COUNTY
18-133   PUTNAM COUNTY            19-041   CLAY COUNTY
18-135   RANDOLPH COUNTY          19-043   CLAYTON COUNTY
18-137   RIPLEY COUNTY            19-045   CLINTON COUNTY
18-139   RUSH COUNTY              19-047   CRAWFORD COUNTY
18-141   ST. JOSEPH COUNTY        19-049   DALLAS COUNTY
18-143   SCOTT COUNTY             19-051   DAVIS COUNTY
18-145   SHELBY COUNTY            19-053   DECATUR COUNTY
18-147   SPENCER COUNTY           19-055   DELAWARE COUNTY
18-149   STARKE COUNTY            19-057   DES MOINES COUNTY
18-151   STEUBEN COUNTY           19-059   DICKINSON COUNTY
18-153   SULLIVAN COUNTY          19-061   DUBUQUE COUNTY
18-155   SWITZERLAND COUNTY       19-063   EMMET COUNTY
18-157   TIPPECANOE COUNTY        19-065   FAYETTE COUNTY
18-159   TIPTON COUNTY            19-067   FLOYD COUNTY
18-161   UNION COUNTY             19-069   FRANKLIN COUNTY
18-163   VANDERBURGH COUNTY       19-071   FREMONT COUNTY
18-165   VERMILLION COUNTY        19-073   GREENE COUNTY
18-167   VIGO COUNTY              19-075   GRUNDY COUNTY
18-169   WABASH COUNTY            19-077   GUTHRIE COUNTY
18-171   WARREN COUNTY            19-079   HAMILTON COUNTY






19-081   HANCOCK COUNTY           19-177   VAN BUREN COUNTY
19-083   HARDIN COUNTY            19-179   WAPELLO COUNTY
19-085   HARRISON COUNTY          19-181   WARREN COUNTY
19-087   HENRY COUNTY             19-183   WASHINGTON COUNTY
19-089   HOWARD COUNTY            19-185   WAYNE COUNTY
19-091   HUMBOLDT COUNTY          19-187   WEBSTER COUNTY
19-093   IDA COUNTY               19-189   WINNEBAGO COUNTY
19-095   IOWA COUNTY              19-191   WINNESHIEK COUNTY
19-097   JACKSON COUNTY           19-193   WOODBURY COUNTY
19-099   JASPER COUNTY            19-195   WORTH COUNTY
19-101   JEFFERSON COUNTY         19-197   WRIGHT COUNTY
19-103   JOHNSON COUNTY
19-105   JONES COUNTY             20-000   KANSAS
19-107   KEOKUK COUNTY            20-001   ALLEN COUNTY
19-109   KOSSUTH COUNTY           20-003   ANDERSON COUNTY
19-111   LEE COUNTY               20-005   ATCHISON COUNTY
19-113   LINN COUNTY              20-007   BARBER COUNTY
19-115   LOUISA COUNTY            20-009   BARTON COUNTY
19-117   LUCAS COUNTY             20-011   BOURBON COUNTY
19-119   LYON COUNTY              20-013   BROWN COUNTY
19-121   MADISON COUNTY           20-015   BUTLER COUNTY
19-123   MAHASKA COUNTY           20-017   CHASE COUNTY
19-125   MARION COUNTY            20-019   CHAUTAUQUA COUNTY
19-127   MARSHALL COUNTY          20-021   CHEROKEE COUNTY
19-129   MILLS COUNTY             20-023   CHEYENNE COUNTY
19-131   MITCHELL COUNTY          20-025   CLARK COUNTY
19-133   MONONA COUNTY            20-027   CLAY COUNTY
19-135   MONROE COUNTY            20-029   CLOUD COUNTY
19-137   MONTGOMERY COUNTY        20-031   COFFEY COUNTY
19-139   MUSCATINE COUNTY         20-033   COMANCHE COUNTY
19-141   O'BRIEN COUNTY           20-035   COWLEY COUNTY
19-143   OSCEOLA COUNTY           20-037   CRAWFORD COUNTY
19-145   PAGE COUNTY              20-039   DECATUR COUNTY
19-147   PALO ALTO COUNTY         20-041   DICKINSON COUNTY
19-149   PLYMOUTH COUNTY          20-043   DONIPHAN COUNTY
19-151   POCAHONTAS COUNTY        20-045   DOUGLAS COUNTY
19-153   POLK COUNTY              20-047   EDWARDS COUNTY
19-155   POTTAWATTAMIE COUNTY     20-049   ELK COUNTY
19-157   POWESHIEK COUNTY         20-051   ELLIS COUNTY
19-159   RINGGOLD COUNTY          20-053   ELLSWORTH COUNTY
19-161   SAC COUNTY               20-055   FINNEY COUNTY
19-163   SCOTT COUNTY             20-057   FORD COUNTY
19-165   SHELBY COUNTY            20-059   FRANKLIN COUNTY
19-167   SIOUX COUNTY             20-061   GEARY COUNTY
19-169   STORY COUNTY             20-063   GOVE COUNTY
19-171   TAMA COUNTY              20-065   GRAHAM COUNTY
19-173   TAYLOR COUNTY            20-067   GRANT COUNTY
19-175   UNION COUNTY             20-069   GRAY COUNTY






20-071   GREELEY COUNTY           20-167   RUSSELL COUNTY
20-073   GREENWOOD COUNTY         20-169   SALINE COUNTY
20-075   HAMILTON COUNTY          20-171   SCOTT COUNTY
20-077   HARPER COUNTY            20-173   SEDGWICK COUNTY
20-079   HARVEY COUNTY            20-175   SEWARD COUNTY
20-081   HASKELL COUNTY           20-177   SHAWNEE COUNTY
20-083   HODGEMAN COUNTY          20-179   SHERIDAN COUNTY
20-085   JACKSON COUNTY           20-181   SHERMAN COUNTY
20-087   JEFFERSON COUNTY         20-183   SMITH COUNTY
20-089   JEWELL COUNTY            20-185   STAFFORD COUNTY
20-091   JOHNSON COUNTY           20-187   STANTON COUNTY
20-093   KEARNY COUNTY            20-189   STEVENS COUNTY
20-095   KINGMAN COUNTY           20-191   SUMNER COUNTY
20-097   KIOWA COUNTY             20-193   THOMAS COUNTY
20-099   LABETTE COUNTY           20-195   TREGO COUNTY
20-101   LANE COUNTY              20-197   WABAUNSEE COUNTY
20-103   LEAVENWORTH COUNTY       20-199   WALLACE COUNTY
20-105   LINCOLN COUNTY           20-201   WASHINGTON COUNTY
20-107   LINN COUNTY              20-203   WICHITA COUNTY
20-109   LOGAN COUNTY             20-205   WILSON COUNTY
20-111   LYON COUNTY              20-207   WOODSON COUNTY
20-113   MCPHERSON COUNTY         20-209   WYANDOTTE COUNTY
20-115   MARION COUNTY
20-117   MARSHALL COUNTY          21-000   KENTUCKY
20-119   MEADE COUNTY             21-001   ADAIR COUNTY
20-121   MIAMI COUNTY             21-003   ALLEN COUNTY
20-123   MITCHELL COUNTY          21-005   ANDERSON COUNTY
20-125   MONTGOMERY COUNTY        21-007   BALLARD COUNTY
20-127   MORRIS COUNTY            21-009   BARREN COUNTY
20-129   MORTON COUNTY            21-011   BATH COUNTY
20-131   NEMAHA COUNTY            21-013   BELL COUNTY
20-133   NEOSHO COUNTY            21-015   BOONE COUNTY
20-135   NESS COUNTY              21-017   BOURBON COUNTY
20-137   NORTON COUNTY            21-019   BOYD COUNTY
20-139   OSAGE COUNTY             21-021   BOYLE COUNTY
20-141   OSBORNE COUNTY           21-023   BRACKEN COUNTY
20-143   OTTAWA COUNTY            21-025   BREATHITT COUNTY
20-145   PAWNEE COUNTY            21-027   BRECKINRIDGE COUNTY
20-147   PHILLIPS COUNTY          21-029   BULLITT COUNTY
20-149   POTTAWATOMIE COUNTY      21-031   BUTLER COUNTY
20-151   PRATT COUNTY             21-033   CALDWELL COUNTY
20-153   RAWLINS COUNTY           21-035   CALLOWAY COUNTY
20-155   RENO COUNTY              21-037   CAMPBELL COUNTY
20-157   REPUBLIC COUNTY          21-039   CARLISLE COUNTY
20-159   RICE COUNTY              21-041   CARROLL COUNTY
20-161   RILEY COUNTY             21-043   CARTER COUNTY
20-163   ROOKS COUNTY             21-045   CASEY COUNTY
20-165   RUSH COUNTY              21-047   CHRISTIAN COUNTY






21-049   CLARK COUNTY             21-145   MCCRACKEN COUNTY
21-051   CLAY COUNTY              21-147   MCCREARY COUNTY
21-053   CLINTON COUNTY           21-149   MCLEAN COUNTY
21-055   CRITTENDEN COUNTY        21-151   MADISON COUNTY
21-057   CUMBERLAND COUNTY        21-153   MAGOFFIN COUNTY
21-059   DAVIESS COUNTY           21-155   MARION COUNTY
21-061   EDMONSON COUNTY          21-157   MARSHALL COUNTY
21-063   ELLIOTT COUNTY           21-159   MARTIN COUNTY
21-065   ESTILL COUNTY            21-161   MASON COUNTY
21-067   FAYETTE COUNTY           21-163   MEADE COUNTY
21-069   FLEMING COUNTY           21-165   MENIFEE COUNTY
21-071   FLOYD COUNTY             21-167   MERCER COUNTY
21-073   FRANKLIN COUNTY          21-169   METCALFE COUNTY
21-075   FULTON COUNTY            21-171   MONROE COUNTY
21-077   GALLATIN COUNTY          21-173   MONTGOMERY COUNTY
21-079   GARRARD COUNTY           21-175   MORGAN COUNTY
21-081   GRANT COUNTY             21-177   MUHLENBERG COUNTY
21-083   GRAVES COUNTY            21-179   NELSON COUNTY
21-085   GRAYSON COUNTY           21-181   NICHOLAS COUNTY
21-087   GREEN COUNTY             21-183   OHIO COUNTY
21-089   GREENUP COUNTY           21-185   OLDHAM COUNTY
21-091   HANCOCK COUNTY           21-187   OWEN COUNTY
21-093   HARDIN COUNTY            21-189   OWSLEY COUNTY
21-095   HARLAN COUNTY            21-191   PENDLETON COUNTY
21-097   HARRISON COUNTY          21-193   PERRY COUNTY
21-099   HART COUNTY              21-195   PIKE COUNTY
21-101   HENDERSON COUNTY         21-197   POWELL COUNTY
21-103   HENRY COUNTY             21-199   PULASKI COUNTY
21-105   HICKMAN COUNTY           21-201   ROBERTSON COUNTY
21-107   HOPKINS COUNTY           21-203   ROCKCASTLE COUNTY
21-109   JACKSON COUNTY           21-205   ROWAN COUNTY
21-111   JEFFERSON COUNTY         21-207   RUSSELL COUNTY
21-113   JESSAMINE COUNTY         21-209   SCOTT COUNTY
21-115   JOHNSON COUNTY           21-211   SHELBY COUNTY
21-117   KENTON COUNTY            21-213   SIMPSON COUNTY
21-119   KNOTT COUNTY             21-215   SPENCER COUNTY
21-121   KNOX COUNTY              21-217   TAYLOR COUNTY
21-123   LARUE COUNTY             21-219   TODD COUNTY
21-125   LAUREL COUNTY            21-221   TRIGG COUNTY
21-127   LAWRENCE COUNTY          21-223   TRIMBLE COUNTY
21-129   LEE COUNTY               21-225   UNION COUNTY
21-131   LESLIE COUNTY            21-227   WARREN COUNTY
21-133   LETCHER COUNTY           21-229   WASHINGTON COUNTY
21-135   LEWIS COUNTY             21-231   WAYNE COUNTY
21-137   LINCOLN COUNTY           21-233   WEBSTER COUNTY
21-139   LIVINGSTON COUNTY        21-235   WHITLEY COUNTY
21-141   LOGAN COUNTY             21-237   WOLFE COUNTY
21-143   LYON COUNTY              21-239   WOODFORD COUNTY





                                  22-093   ST. JAMES PARISH
22-000   LOUISIANA                22-095   ST. JOHN THE BAPTIST
22-001   ACADIA PARISH            22-097   ST. LANDRY PARISH
22-003   ALLEN PARISH             22-099   ST. MARTIN PARISH
22-005   ASCENSION PARISH         22-101   ST. MARY PARISH
22-007   ASSUMPTION PARISH        22-103   ST. TAMMANY PARISH
22-009   AVOYELLES PARISH         22-105   TANGIPAHOA PARISH
22-011   BEAUREGARD PARISH        22-107   TENSAS PARISH
22-013   BIENVILLE PARISH         22-109   TERREBONNE PARISH
22-015   BOSSIER PARISH           22-111   UNION PARISH
22-017   CADDO PARISH             22-113   VERMILION PARISH
22-019   CALCASIEU PARISH         22-115   VERNON PARISH
22-021   CALDWELL PARISH          22-117   WASHINGTON PARISH
22-023   CAMERON PARISH           22-119   WEBSTER PARISH
22-025   CATAHOULA PARISH         22-121   WEST BATON ROUGE PAR
22-027   CLAIBORNE PARISH         22-123   WEST CARROLL PARISH
22-029   CONCORDIA PARISH         22-125   WEST FELICIANA PARIS
22-031   DE SOTO PARISH           22-127   WINN PARISH
22-033   EAST BATON ROUGE PAR
22-035   EAST CARROLL PARISH      23-000   MAINE
22-037   EAST FELICIANA PARIS     23-001   ANDROSCOGGIN COUNTY
22-039   EVANGELINE PARISH        23-003   AROOSTOOK COUNTY
22-041   FRANKLIN PARISH          23-005   CUMBERLAND COUNTY
22-043   GRANT PARISH             23-007   FRANKLIN COUNTY
22-045   IBERIA PARISH            23-009   HANCOCK COUNTY
22-047   IBERVILLE PARISH         23-011   KENNEBEC COUNTY
22-049   JACKSON PARISH           23-013   KNOX COUNTY
22-051   JEFFERSON PARISH         23-015   LINCOLN COUNTY
22-053   JEFFERSON DAVIS PARI     23-017   OXFORD COUNTY
22-055   LAFAYETTE PARISH         23-019   PENOBSCOT COUNTY
22-057   LAFOURCHE PARISH         23-021   PISCATAQUIS COUNTY
22-059   LA SALLE PARISH          23-023   SAGADAHOC COUNTY
22-061   LINCOLN PARISH           23-025   SOMERSET COUNTY
22-063   LIVINGSTON PARISH        23-027   WALDO COUNTY
22-065   MADISON PARISH           23-029   WASHINGTON COUNTY
22-067   MOREHOUSE PARISH         23-031   YORK COUNTY
22-069   NATCHITOCHES PARISH
22-071   ORLEANS PARISH           24-000   MARYLAND
22-073   OUACHITA PARISH          24-001   ALLEGANY COUNTY
22-075   PLAQUEMINES PARISH       24-003   ANNE ARUNDEL COUNTY
22-077   POINTE COUPEE PARISH     24-005   BALTIMORE COUNTY
22-079   RAPIDES PARISH           24-009   CALVERT COUNTY
22-081   RED RIVER PARISH         24-011   CAROLINE COUNTY
22-083   RICHLAND PARISH          24-013   CARROLL COUNTY
22-085   SABINE PARISH            24-015   CECIL COUNTY
22-087   ST. BERNARD PARISH       24-017   CHARLES COUNTY
22-089   ST. CHARLES PARISH       24-019   DORCHESTER COUNTY
22-091   ST. HELENA PARISH        24-021   FREDERICK COUNTY






24-023   GARRETT COUNTY           26-033   CHIPPEWA COUNTY
24-025   HARFORD COUNTY           26-035   CLARE COUNTY
24-027   HOWARD COUNTY            26-037   CLINTON COUNTY
24-029   KENT COUNTY              26-039   CRAWFORD COUNTY
24-031   MONTGOMERY COUNTY        26-041   DELTA COUNTY
24-033   PRINCE GEORGE'S COUN     26-043   DICKINSON COUNTY
24-035   QUEEN ANNE'S COUNTY      26-045   EATON COUNTY
24-037   ST. MARY'S COUNTY        26-047   EMMET COUNTY
24-039   SOMERSET COUNTY          26-049   GENESEE COUNTY
24-041   TALBOT COUNTY            26-051   GLADWIN COUNTY
24-043   WASHINGTON COUNTY        26-053   GOGEBIC COUNTY
24-045   WICOMICO COUNTY          26-055   GRAND TRAVERSE COUNT
24-047   WORCESTER COUNTY         26-057   GRATIOT COUNTY
24-510   BALTIMORE                26-059   HILLSDALE COUNTY
                                  26-061   HOUGHTON COUNTY
25-000   MASSACHUSETTS            26-063   HURON COUNTY
25-001   BARNSTABLE COUNTY        26-065   INGHAM COUNTY
25-003   BERKSHIRE COUNTY         26-067   IONIA COUNTY
25-005   BRISTOL COUNTY           26-069   IOSCO COUNTY
25-007   DUKES COUNTY             26-071   IRON COUNTY
25-009   ESSEX COUNTY             26-073   ISABELLA COUNTY
25-011   FRANKLIN COUNTY          26-075   JACKSON COUNTY
25-013   HAMPDEN COUNTY           26-077   KALAMAZOO COUNTY
25-015   HAMPSHIRE COUNTY         26-079   KALKASKA COUNTY
25-017   MIDDLESEX COUNTY         26-081   KENT COUNTY
25-019   NANTUCKET COUNTY         26-083   KEWEENAW COUNTY
25-021   NORFOLK COUNTY           26-085   LAKE COUNTY
25-023   PLYMOUTH COUNTY          26-087   LAPEER COUNTY
25-025   SUFFOLK COUNTY           26-089   LEELANAU COUNTY
25-027   WORCESTER COUNTY         26-091   LENAWEE COUNTY
                                  26-093   LIVINGSTON COUNTY
26-000   MICHIGAN                 26-095   LUCE COUNTY
26-001   ALCONA COUNTY            26-097   MACKINAC COUNTY
26-003   ALGER COUNTY             26-099   MACOMB COUNTY
26-005   ALLEGAN COUNTY           26-101   MANISTEE COUNTY
26-007   ALPENA COUNTY            26-103   MARQUETTE COUNTY
26-009   ANTRIM COUNTY            26-105   MASON COUNTY
26-011   ARENAC COUNTY            26-107   MECOSTA COUNTY
26-013   BARAGA COUNTY            26-109   MENOMINEE COUNTY
26-015   BARRY COUNTY             26-111   MIDLAND COUNTY
26-017   BAY COUNTY               26-113   MISSAUKEE COUNTY
26-019   BENZIE COUNTY            26-115   MONROE COUNTY
26-021   BERRIEN COUNTY           26-117   MONTCALM COUNTY
26-023   BRANCH COUNTY            26-119   MONTMORENCY COUNTY
26-025   CALHOUN COUNTY           26-121   MUSKEGON COUNTY
26-027   CASS COUNTY              26-123   NEWAYGO COUNTY
26-029   CHARLEVOIX COUNTY        26-125   OAKLAND COUNTY
26-031   CHEBOYGAN COUNTY         26-127   OCEANA COUNTY






26-129   OGEMAW COUNTY            27-055   HOUSTON COUNTY
26-131   ONTONAGON COUNTY         27-057   HUBBARD COUNTY
26-133   OSCEOLA COUNTY           27-059   ISANTI COUNTY
26-135   OSCODA COUNTY            27-061   ITASCA COUNTY
26-137   OTSEGO COUNTY            27-063   JACKSON COUNTY
26-139   OTTAWA COUNTY            27-065   KANABEC COUNTY
26-141   PRESQUE ISLE COUNTY      27-067   KANDIYOHI COUNTY
26-143   ROSCOMMON COUNTY         27-069   KITTSON COUNTY
26-145   SAGINAW COUNTY           27-071   KOOCHICHING COUNTY
26-147   ST. CLAIR COUNTY         27-073   LAC QUI PARLE COUNTY
26-149   ST. JOSEPH COUNTY        27-075   LAKE COUNTY
26-151   SANILAC COUNTY           27-077   LAKE OF THE WOODS CO
26-153   SCHOOLCRAFT COUNTY       27-079   LE SUEUR COUNTY
26-155   SHIAWASSEE COUNTY        27-081   LINCOLN COUNTY
26-157   TUSCOLA COUNTY           27-083   LYON COUNTY
26-159   VAN BUREN COUNTY         27-085   MCLEOD COUNTY
26-161   WASHTENAW COUNTY         27-087   MAHNOMEN COUNTY
26-163   WAYNE COUNTY             27-089   MARSHALL COUNTY
26-165   WEXFORD COUNTY           27-091   MARTIN COUNTY
                                  27-093   MEEKER COUNTY
27-000   MINNESOTA                27-095   MILLE LACS COUNTY
27-001   AITKIN COUNTY            27-097   MORRISON COUNTY
27-003   ANOKA COUNTY             27-099   MOWER COUNTY
27-005   BECKER COUNTY            27-101   MURRAY COUNTY
27-007   BELTRAMI COUNTY          27-103   NICOLLET COUNTY
27-009   BENTON COUNTY            27-105   NOBLES COUNTY
27-011   BIG STONE COUNTY         27-107   NORMAN COUNTY
27-013   BLUE EARTH COUNTY        27-109   OLMSTED COUNTY
27-015   BROWN COUNTY             27-111   OTTER TAIL COUNTY
27-017   CARLTON COUNTY           27-113   PENNINGTON COUNTY
27-019   CARVER COUNTY            27-115   PINE COUNTY
27-021   CASS COUNTY              27-117   PIPESTONE COUNTY
27-023   CHIPPEWA COUNTY          27-119   POLK COUNTY
27-025   CHISAGO COUNTY           27-121   POPE COUNTY
27-027   CLAY COUNTY              27-123   RAMSEY COUNTY
27-029   CLEARWATER COUNTY        27-125   RED LAKE COUNTY
27-031   COOK COUNTY              27-127   REDWOOD COUNTY
27-033   COTTONWOOD COUNTY        27-129   RENVILLE COUNTY
27-035   CROW WING COUNTY         27-131   RICE COUNTY
27-037   DAKOTA COUNTY            27-133   ROCK COUNTY
27-039   DODGE COUNTY             27-135   ROSEAU COUNTY
27-041   DOUGLAS COUNTY           27-137   ST. LOUIS COUNTY
27-043   FARIBAULT COUNTY         27-139   SCOTT COUNTY
27-045   FILLMORE COUNTY          27-141   SHERBURNE COUNTY
27-047   FREEBORN COUNTY          27-143   SIBLEY COUNTY
27-049   GOODHUE COUNTY           27-145   STEARNS COUNTY
27-051   GRANT COUNTY             27-147   STEELE COUNTY
27-053   HENNEPIN COUNTY          27-149   STEVENS COUNTY






27-151   SWIFT COUNTY             28-069   KEMPER COUNTY
27-153   TODD COUNTY              28-071   LAFAYETTE COUNTY
27-155   TRAVERSE COUNTY          28-073   LAMAR COUNTY
27-157   WABASHA COUNTY           28-075   LAUDERDALE COUNTY
27-159   WADENA COUNTY            28-077   LAWRENCE COUNTY
27-161   WASECA COUNTY            28-079   LEAKE COUNTY
27-163   WASHINGTON COUNTY        28-081   LEE COUNTY
27-165   WATONWAN COUNTY          28-083   LEFLORE COUNTY
27-167   WILKIN COUNTY            28-085   LINCOLN COUNTY
27-169   WINONA COUNTY            28-087   LOWNDES COUNTY
27-171   WRIGHT COUNTY            28-089   MADISON COUNTY
27-173   YELLOW MEDICINE COUN     28-091   MARION COUNTY
                                  28-093   MARSHALL COUNTY
28-000   MISSISSIPPI              28-095   MONROE COUNTY
28-001   ADAMS COUNTY             28-097   MONTGOMERY COUNTY
28-003   ALCORN COUNTY            28-099   NESHOBA COUNTY
28-005   AMITE COUNTY             28-101   NEWTON COUNTY
28-007   ATTALA COUNTY            28-103   NOXUBEE COUNTY
28-009   BENTON COUNTY            28-105   OKTIBBEHA COUNTY
28-011   BOLIVAR COUNTY           28-107   PANOLA COUNTY
28-013   CALHOUN COUNTY           28-109   PEARL RIVER COUNTY
28-015   CARROLL COUNTY           28-111   PERRY COUNTY
28-017   CHICKASAW COUNTY         28-113   PIKE COUNTY
28-019   CHOCTAW COUNTY           28-115   PONTOTOC COUNTY
28-021   CLAIBORNE COUNTY         28-117   PRENTISS COUNTY
28-023   CLARKE COUNTY            28-119   QUITMAN COUNTY
28-025   CLAY COUNTY              28-121   RANKIN COUNTY
28-027   COAHOMA COUNTY           28-123   SCOTT COUNTY
28-029   COPIAH COUNTY            28-125   SHARKEY COUNTY
28-031   COVINGTON COUNTY         28-127   SIMPSON COUNTY
28-033   DE SOTO COUNTY           28-129   SMITH COUNTY
28-035   FORREST COUNTY           28-131   STONE COUNTY
28-037   FRANKLIN COUNTY          28-133   SUNFLOWER COUNTY
28-039   GEORGE COUNTY            28-135   TALLAHATCHIE COUNTY
28-041   GREENE COUNTY            28-137   TATE COUNTY
28-043   GRENADA COUNTY           28-139   TIPPAH COUNTY
28-045   HANCOCK COUNTY           28-141   TISHOMINGO COUNTY
28-047   HARRISON COUNTY          28-143   TUNICA COUNTY
28-049   HINDS COUNTY             28-145   UNION COUNTY
28-051   HOLMES COUNTY            28-147   WALTHALL COUNTY
28-053   HUMPHREYS COUNTY         28-149   WARREN COUNTY
28-055   ISSAQUENA COUNTY         28-151   WASHINGTON COUNTY
28-057   ITAWAMBA COUNTY          28-153   WAYNE COUNTY
28-059   JACKSON COUNTY           28-155   WEBSTER COUNTY
28-061   JASPER COUNTY            28-157   WILKINSON COUNTY
28-063   JEFFERSON COUNTY         28-159   WINSTON COUNTY
28-065   JEFFERSON DAVIS COUN     28-161   YALOBUSHA COUNTY
28-067   JONES COUNTY             28-163   YAZOO COUNTY





                                  29-093   IRON COUNTY
29-000   MISSOURI                 29-095   JACKSON COUNTY
29-001   ADAIR COUNTY             29-097   JASPER COUNTY
29-003   ANDREW COUNTY            29-099   JEFFERSON COUNTY
29-005   ATCHISON COUNTY          29-101   JOHNSON COUNTY
29-007   AUDRAIN COUNTY           29-103   KNOX COUNTY
29-009   BARRY COUNTY             29-105   LACLEDE COUNTY
29-011   BARTON COUNTY            29-107   LAFAYETTE COUNTY
29-013   BATES COUNTY             29-109   LAWRENCE COUNTY
29-015   BENTON COUNTY            29-111   LEWIS COUNTY
29-017   BOLLINGER COUNTY         29-113   LINCOLN COUNTY
29-019   BOONE COUNTY             29-115   LINN COUNTY
29-021   BUCHANAN COUNTY          29-117   LIVINGSTON COUNTY
29-023   BUTLER COUNTY            29-119   MCDONALD COUNTY
29-025   CALDWELL COUNTY          29-121   MACON COUNTY
29-027   CALLAWAY COUNTY          29-123   MADISON COUNTY
29-029   CAMDEN COUNTY            29-125   MARIES COUNTY
29-031   CAPE GIRARDEAU COUNT     29-127   MARION COUNTY
29-033   CARROLL COUNTY           29-129   MERCER COUNTY
29-035   CARTER COUNTY            29-131   MILLER COUNTY
29-037   CASS COUNTY              29-133   MISSISSIPPI COUNTY
29-039   CEDAR COUNTY             29-135   MONITEAU COUNTY
29-041   CHARITON COUNTY          29-137   MONROE COUNTY
29-043   CHRISTIAN COUNTY         29-139   MONTGOMERY COUNTY
29-045   CLARK COUNTY             29-141   MORGAN COUNTY
29-047   CLAY COUNTY              29-143   NEW MADRID COUNTY
29-049   CLINTON COUNTY           29-145   NEWTON COUNTY
29-051   COLE COUNTY              29-147   NODAWAY COUNTY
29-053   COOPER COUNTY            29-149   OREGON COUNTY
29-055   CRAWFORD COUNTY          29-151   OSAGE COUNTY
29-057   DADE COUNTY              29-153   OZARK COUNTY
29-059   DALLAS COUNTY            29-155   PEMISCOT COUNTY
29-061   DAVIESS COUNTY           29-157   PERRY COUNTY
29-063   DE KALB COUNTY           29-159   PETTIS COUNTY
29-065   DENT COUNTY              29-161   PHELPS COUNTY
29-067   DOUGLAS COUNTY           29-163   PIKE COUNTY
29-069   DUNKLIN COUNTY           29-165   PLATTE COUNTY
29-071   FRANKLIN COUNTY          29-167   POLK COUNTY
29-073   GASCONADE COUNTY         29-169   PULASKI COUNTY
29-075   GENTRY COUNTY            29-171   PUTNAM COUNTY
29-077   GREENE COUNTY            29-173   RALLS COUNTY
29-079   GRUNDY COUNTY            29-175   RANDOLPH COUNTY
29-081   HARRISON COUNTY          29-177   RAY COUNTY
29-083   HENRY COUNTY             29-179   REYNOLDS COUNTY
29-085   HICKORY COUNTY           29-181   RIPLEY COUNTY
29-087   HOLT COUNTY              29-183   ST. CHARLES COUNTY
29-089   HOWARD COUNTY            29-185   ST. CLAIR COUNTY
29-091   HOWELL COUNTY            29-186   STE. GENEVIEVE COUNT






29-187   ST. FRANCOIS COUNTY      30-051   LIBERTY COUNTY
29-189   ST. LOUIS COUNTY         30-053   LINCOLN COUNTY
29-195   SALINE COUNTY            30-055   MCCONE COUNTY
29-197   SCHUYLER COUNTY          30-057   MADISON COUNTY
29-199   SCOTLAND COUNTY          30-059   MEAGHER COUNTY
29-201   SCOTT COUNTY             30-061   MINERAL COUNTY
29-203   SHANNON COUNTY           30-063   MISSOULA COUNTY
29-205   SHELBY COUNTY            30-065   MUSSELSHELL COUNTY
29-207   STODDARD COUNTY          30-067   PARK COUNTY
29-209   STONE COUNTY             30-069   PETROLEUM COUNTY
29-211   SULLIVAN COUNTY          30-071   PHILLIPS COUNTY
29-213   TANEY COUNTY             30-073   PONDERA COUNTY
29-215   TEXAS COUNTY             30-075   POWDER RIVER COUNTY
29-217   VERNON COUNTY            30-077   POWELL COUNTY
29-219   WARREN COUNTY            30-079   PRAIRIE COUNTY
29-221   WASHINGTON COUNTY        30-081   RAVALLI COUNTY
29-223   WAYNE COUNTY             30-083   RICHLAND COUNTY
29-225   WEBSTER COUNTY           30-085   ROOSEVELT COUNTY
29-227   WORTH COUNTY             30-087   ROSEBUD COUNTY
29-229   WRIGHT COUNTY            30-089   SANDERS COUNTY
29-510   ST. LOUIS                30-091   SHERIDAN COUNTY
                                  30-093   SILVER BOW COUNTY
30-000   MONTANA                  30-095   STILLWATER COUNTY
30-001   BEAVERHEAD COUNTY        30-097   SWEET GRASS COUNTY
30-003   BIG HORN COUNTY          30-099   TETON COUNTY
30-005   BLAINE COUNTY            30-101   TOOLE COUNTY
30-007   BROADWATER COUNTY        30-103   TREASURE COUNTY
30-009   CARBON COUNTY            30-105   VALLEY COUNTY
30-011   CARTER COUNTY            30-107   WHEATLAND COUNTY
30-013   CASCADE COUNTY           30-109   WIBAUX COUNTY
30-015   CHOUTEAU COUNTY          30-111   YELLOWSTONE COUNTY
30-017   CUSTER COUNTY
30-019   DANIELS COUNTY
30-021   DAWSON COUNTY            31-000   NEBRASKA
30-023   DEER LODGE COUNTY        31-001   ADAMS COUNTY
30-025   FALLON COUNTY            31-003   ANTELOPE COUNTY
30-027   FERGUS COUNTY            31-005   ARTHUR COUNTY
30-029   FLATHEAD COUNTY          31-007   BANNER COUNTY
30-031   GALLATIN COUNTY          31-009   BLAINE COUNTY
30-033   GARFIELD COUNTY          31-011   BOONE COUNTY
30-035   GLACIER COUNTY           31-013   BOX BUTTE COUNTY
30-037   GOLDEN VALLEY COUNTY     31-015   BOYD COUNTY
30-039   GRANITE COUNTY           31-017   BROWN COUNTY
30-041   HILL COUNTY              31-019   BUFFALO COUNTY
30-043   JEFFERSON COUNTY         31-021   BURT COUNTY
30-045   JUDITH BASIN COUNTY      31-023   BUTLER COUNTY
30-047   LAKE COUNTY              31-025   CASS COUNTY
30-049   LEWIS AND CLARK COUN     31-027   CEDAR COUNTY






31-029   CHASE COUNTY             31-125   NANCE COUNTY
31-031   CHERRY COUNTY            31-127   NEMAHA COUNTY
31-033   CHEYENNE COUNTY          31-129   NUCKOLLS COUNTY
31-035   CLAY COUNTY              31-131   OTOE COUNTY
31-037   COLFAX COUNTY            31-133   PAWNEE COUNTY
31-039   CUMING COUNTY            31-135   PERKINS COUNTY
31-041   CUSTER COUNTY            31-137   PHELPS COUNTY
31-043   DAKOTA COUNTY            31-139   PIERCE COUNTY
31-045   DAWES COUNTY             31-141   PLATTE COUNTY
31-047   DAWSON COUNTY            31-143   POLK COUNTY
31-049   DEUEL COUNTY             31-145   RED WILLOW COUNTY
31-051   DIXON COUNTY             31-147   RICHARDSON COUNTY
31-053   DODGE COUNTY             31-149   ROCK COUNTY
31-055   DOUGLAS COUNTY           31-151   SALINE COUNTY
31-057   DUNDY COUNTY             31-153   SARPY COUNTY
31-059   FILLMORE COUNTY          31-155   SAUNDERS COUNTY
31-061   FRANKLIN COUNTY          31-157   SCOTTS BLUFF COUNTY
31-063   FRONTIER COUNTY          31-159   SEWARD COUNTY
31-065   FURNAS COUNTY            31-161   SHERIDAN COUNTY
31-067   GAGE COUNTY              31-163   SHERMAN COUNTY
31-069   GARDEN COUNTY            31-165   SIOUX COUNTY
31-071   GARFIELD COUNTY          31-167   STANTON COUNTY
31-073   GOSPER COUNTY            31-169   THAYER COUNTY
31-075   GRANT COUNTY             31-171   THOMAS COUNTY
31-077   GREELEY COUNTY           31-173   THURSTON COUNTY
31-079   HALL COUNTY              31-175   VALLEY COUNTY
31-081   HAMILTON COUNTY          31-177   WASHINGTON COUNTY
31-083   HARLAN COUNTY            31-179   WAYNE COUNTY
31-085   HAYES COUNTY             31-181   WEBSTER COUNTY
31-087   HITCHCOCK COUNTY         31-183   WHEELER COUNTY
31-089   HOLT COUNTY              31-185   YORK COUNTY
31-091   HOOKER COUNTY
31-093   HOWARD COUNTY            32-000   NEVADA
31-095   JEFFERSON COUNTY         32-001   CHURCHILL COUNTY
31-097   JOHNSON COUNTY           32-003   CLARK COUNTY
31-099   KEARNEY COUNTY           32-005   DOUGLAS COUNTY
31-101   KEITH COUNTY             32-007   ELKO COUNTY
31-103   KEYA PAHA COUNTY         32-009   ESMERALDA COUNTY
31-105   KIMBALL COUNTY           32-011   EUREKA COUNTY
31-107   KNOX COUNTY              32-013   HUMBOLDT COUNTY
31-109   LANCASTER COUNTY         32-015   LANDER COUNTY
31-111   LINCOLN COUNTY           32-017   LINCOLN COUNTY
31-113   LOGAN COUNTY             32-019   LYON COUNTY
31-115   LOUP COUNTY              32-021   MINERAL COUNTY
31-117   MCPHERSON COUNTY         32-023   NYE COUNTY
31-119   MADISON COUNTY           32-027   PERSHING COUNTY
31-121   MERRICK COUNTY           32-029   STOREY COUNTY
31-123   MORRILL COUNTY           32-031   WASHOE COUNTY






32-033   WHITE PINE COUNTY        35-017   GRANT COUNTY
32-510   CARSON CITY              35-019   GUADALUPE COUNTY
                                  35-021   HARDING COUNTY
33-000   NEW HAMPSHIRE            35-023   HIDALGO COUNTY
33-001   BELKNAP COUNTY           35-025   LEA COUNTY
33-003   CARROLL COUNTY           35-027   LINCOLN COUNTY
33-005   CHESHIRE COUNTY          35-028   LOS ALAMOS COUNTY
33-007   COOS COUNTY              35-029   LUNA COUNTY
33-009   GRAFTON COUNTY           35-031   MCKINLEY COUNTY
33-011   HILLSBOROUGH COUNTY      35-033   MORA COUNTY
33-013   MERRIMACK COUNTY         35-035   OTERO COUNTY
33-015   ROCKINGHAM COUNTY        35-037   QUAY COUNTY
33-017   STRAFFORD COUNTY         35-039   RIO ARRIBA COUNTY
33-019   SULLIVAN COUNTY          35-041   ROOSEVELT COUNTY
                                  35-043   SANDOVAL COUNTY
34-000   NEW JERSEY               35-045   SAN JUAN COUNTY
34-001   ATLANTIC COUNTY          35-047   SAN MIGUEL COUNTY
34-003   BERGEN COUNTY            35-049   SANTA FE COUNTY
34-005   BURLINGTON COUNTY        35-051   SIERRA COUNTY
34-007   CAMDEN COUNTY            35-053   SOCORRO COUNTY
34-009   CAPE MAY COUNTY          35-055   TAOS COUNTY
34-011   CUMBERLAND COUNTY        35-057   TORRANCE COUNTY
34-013   ESSEX COUNTY             35-059   UNION COUNTY
34-015   GLOUCESTER COUNTY        35-061   VALENCIA COUNTY
34-017   HUDSON COUNTY
34-019   HUNTERDON COUNTY         36-000   NEW YORK
34-021   MERCER COUNTY            36-001   ALBANY COUNTY
34-023   MIDDLESEX COUNTY         36-003   ALLEGANY COUNTY
34-025   MONMOUTH COUNTY          36-005   BRONX COUNTY
34-027   MORRIS COUNTY            36-007   BROOME COUNTY
34-029   OCEAN COUNTY             36-009   CATTARAUGUS COUNTY
34-031   PASSAIC COUNTY           36-011   CAYUGA COUNTY
34-033   SALEM COUNTY             36-013   CHAUTAUQUA COUNTY
34-035   SOMERSET COUNTY          36-015   CHEMUNG COUNTY
34-037   SUSSEX COUNTY            36-017   CHENANGO COUNTY
34-039   UNION COUNTY             36-019   CLINTON COUNTY
34-041   WARREN COUNTY            36-021   COLUMBIA COUNTY
                                  36-023   CORTLAND COUNTY
35-000   NEW MEXICO               36-025   DELAWARE COUNTY
35-001   BERNALILLO COUNTY        36-027   DUTCHESS COUNTY
35-003   CATRON COUNTY            36-029   ERIE COUNTY
35-005   CHAVES COUNTY            36-031   ESSEX COUNTY
35-006   CIBOLA COUNTY            36-033   FRANKLIN COUNTY
35-007   COLFAX COUNTY            36-035   FULTON COUNTY
35-009   CURRY COUNTY             36-037   GENESEE COUNTY
35-011   DE BACA COUNTY           36-039   GREENE COUNTY
35-013   DONA ANA COUNTY          36-041   HAMILTON COUNTY
35-015   EDDY COUNTY              36-043   HERKIMER COUNTY






36-045   JEFFERSON COUNTY         37-013   BEAUFORT COUNTY
36-047   KINGS COUNTY             37-015   BERTIE COUNTY
36-049   LEWIS COUNTY             37-017   BLADEN COUNTY
36-051   LIVINGSTON COUNTY        37-019   BRUNSWICK COUNTY
36-053   MADISON COUNTY           37-021   BUNCOMBE COUNTY
36-055   MONROE COUNTY            37-023   BURKE COUNTY
36-057   MONTGOMERY COUNTY        37-025   CABARRUS COUNTY
36-059   NASSAU COUNTY            37-027   CALDWELL COUNTY
36-061   NEW YORK COUNTY          37-029   CAMDEN COUNTY
36-063   NIAGARA COUNTY           37-031   CARTERET COUNTY
36-065   ONEIDA COUNTY            37-033   CASWELL COUNTY
36-067   ONONDAGA COUNTY          37-035   CATAWBA COUNTY
36-069   ONTARIO COUNTY           37-037   CHATHAM COUNTY
36-071   ORANGE COUNTY            37-039   CHEROKEE COUNTY
36-073   ORLEANS COUNTY           37-041   CHOWAN COUNTY
36-075   OSWEGO COUNTY            37-043   CLAY COUNTY
36-077   OTSEGO COUNTY            37-045   CLEVELAND COUNTY
36-079   PUTNAM COUNTY            37-047   COLUMBUS COUNTY
36-081   QUEENS COUNTY            37-049   CRAVEN COUNTY
36-083   RENSSELAER COUNTY        37-051   CUMBERLAND COUNTY
36-085   RICHMOND COUNTY          37-053   CURRITUCK COUNTY
36-087   ROCKLAND COUNTY          37-055   DARE COUNTY
36-089   ST. LAWRENCE COUNTY      37-057   DAVIDSON COUNTY
36-091   SARATOGA COUNTY          37-059   DAVIE COUNTY
36-093   SCHENECTADY COUNTY       37-061   DUPLIN COUNTY
36-095   SCHOHARIE COUNTY         37-063   DURHAM COUNTY
36-097   SCHUYLER COUNTY          37-065   EDGECOMBE COUNTY
36-099   SENECA COUNTY            37-067   FORSYTH COUNTY
36-101   STEUBEN COUNTY           37-069   FRANKLIN COUNTY
36-103   SUFFOLK COUNTY           37-071   GASTON COUNTY
36-105   SULLIVAN COUNTY          37-073   GATES COUNTY
36-107   TIOGA COUNTY             37-075   GRAHAM COUNTY
36-109   TOMPKINS COUNTY          37-077   GRANVILLE COUNTY
36-111   ULSTER COUNTY            37-079   GREENE COUNTY
36-113   WARREN COUNTY            37-081   GUILFORD COUNTY
36-115   WASHINGTON COUNTY        37-083   HALIFAX COUNTY
36-117   WAYNE COUNTY             37-085   HARNETT COUNTY
36-119   WESTCHESTER COUNTY       37-087   HAYWOOD COUNTY
36-121   WYOMING COUNTY           37-089   HENDERSON COUNTY
36-123   YATES COUNTY             37-091   HERTFORD COUNTY
                                  37-093   HOKE COUNTY
37-000   NORTH CAROLINA           37-095   HYDE COUNTY
37-001   ALAMANCE COUNTY          37-097   IREDELL COUNTY
37-003   ALEXANDER COUNTY         37-099   JACKSON COUNTY
37-005   ALLEGHANY COUNTY         37-101   JOHNSTON COUNTY
37-007   ANSON COUNTY             37-103   JONES COUNTY
37-009   ASHE COUNTY              37-105   LEE COUNTY
37-011   AVERY COUNTY             37-107   LENOIR COUNTY






37-109   LINCOLN COUNTY           38-001   ADAMS COUNTY
37-111   MCDOWELL COUNTY          38-003   BARNES COUNTY
37-113   MACON COUNTY             38-005   BENSON COUNTY
37-115   MADISON COUNTY           38-007   BILLINGS COUNTY
37-117   MARTIN COUNTY            38-009   BOTTINEAU COUNTY
37-119   MECKLENBURG COUNTY       38-011   BOWMAN COUNTY
37-121   MITCHELL COUNTY          38-013   BURKE COUNTY
37-123   MONTGOMERY COUNTY        38-015   BURLEIGH COUNTY
37-125   MOORE COUNTY             38-017   CASS COUNTY
37-127   NASH COUNTY              38-019   CAVALIER COUNTY
37-129   NEW HANOVER COUNTY       38-021   DICKEY COUNTY
37-131   NORTHAMPTON COUNTY       38-023   DIVIDE COUNTY
37-133   ONSLOW COUNTY            38-025   DUNN COUNTY
37-135   ORANGE COUNTY            38-027   EDDY COUNTY
37-137   PAMLICO COUNTY           38-029   EMMONS COUNTY
37-139   PASQUOTANK COUNTY        38-031   FOSTER COUNTY
37-141   PENDER COUNTY            38-033   GOLDEN VALLEY COUNTY
37-143   PERQUIMANS COUNTY        38-035   GRAND FORKS COUNTY
37-145   PERSON COUNTY            38-037   GRANT COUNTY
37-147   PITT COUNTY              38-039   GRIGGS COUNTY
37-149   POLK COUNTY              38-041   HETTINGER COUNTY
37-151   RANDOLPH COUNTY          38-043   KIDDER COUNTY
37-153   RICHMOND COUNTY          38-045   LA MOURE COUNTY
37-155   ROBESON COUNTY           38-047   LOGAN COUNTY
37-157   ROCKINGHAM COUNTY        38-049   MCHENRY COUNTY
37-159   ROWAN COUNTY             38-051   MCINTOSH COUNTY
37-161   RUTHERFORD COUNTY        38-053   MCKENZIE COUNTY
37-163   SAMPSON COUNTY           38-055   MCLEAN COUNTY
37-165   SCOTLAND COUNTY          38-057   MERCER COUNTY
37-167   STANLY COUNTY            38-059   MORTON COUNTY
37-169   STOKES COUNTY            38-061   MOUNTRAIL COUNTY
37-171   SURRY COUNTY             38-063   NELSON COUNTY
37-173   SWAIN COUNTY             38-065   OLIVER COUNTY
37-175   TRANSYLVANIA COUNTY      38-067   PEMBINA COUNTY
37-177   TYRRELL COUNTY           38-069   PIERCE COUNTY
37-179   UNION COUNTY             38-071   RAMSEY COUNTY
37-181   VANCE COUNTY             38-073   RANSOM COUNTY
37-183   WAKE COUNTY              38-075   RENVILLE COUNTY
37-185   WARREN COUNTY            38-077   RICHLAND COUNTY
37-187   WASHINGTON COUNTY        38-079   ROLETTE COUNTY
37-189   WATAUGA COUNTY           38-081   SARGENT COUNTY
37-191   WAYNE COUNTY             38-083   SHERIDAN COUNTY
37-193   WILKES COUNTY            38-085   SIOUX COUNTY
37-195   WILSON COUNTY            38-087   SLOPE COUNTY
37-197   YADKIN COUNTY            38-089   STARK COUNTY
37-199   YANCEY COUNTY            38-091   STEELE COUNTY
                                  38-093   STUTSMAN COUNTY
38-000   NORTH DAKOTA             38-095   TOWNER COUNTY






38-097   TRAILL COUNTY            39-083   KNOX COUNTY
38-099   WALSH COUNTY             39-085   LAKE COUNTY
38-101   WARD COUNTY              39-087   LAWRENCE COUNTY
38-103   WELLS COUNTY             39-089   LICKING COUNTY
38-105   WILLIAMS COUNTY          39-091   LOGAN COUNTY
                                  39-093   LORAIN COUNTY
39-000   OHIO                     39-095   LUCAS COUNTY
39-001   ADAMS COUNTY             39-097   MADISON COUNTY
39-003   ALLEN COUNTY             39-099   MAHONING COUNTY
39-005   ASHLAND COUNTY           39-101   MARION COUNTY
39-007   ASHTABULA COUNTY         39-103   MEDINA COUNTY
39-009   ATHENS COUNTY            39-105   MEIGS COUNTY
39-011   AUGLAIZE COUNTY          39-107   MERCER COUNTY
39-013   BELMONT COUNTY           39-109   MIAMI COUNTY
39-015   BROWN COUNTY             39-111   MONROE COUNTY
39-017   BUTLER COUNTY            39-113   MONTGOMERY COUNTY
39-019   CARROLL COUNTY           39-115   MORGAN COUNTY
39-021   CHAMPAIGN COUNTY         39-117   MORROW COUNTY
39-023   CLARK COUNTY             39-119   MUSKINGUM COUNTY
39-025   CLERMONT COUNTY          39-121   NOBLE COUNTY
39-027   CLINTON COUNTY           39-123   OTTAWA COUNTY
39-029   COLUMBIANA COUNTY        39-125   PAULDING COUNTY
39-031   COSHOCTON COUNTY         39-127   PERRY COUNTY
39-033   CRAWFORD COUNTY          39-129   PICKAWAY COUNTY
39-035   CUYAHOGA COUNTY          39-131   PIKE COUNTY
39-037   DARKE COUNTY             39-133   PORTAGE COUNTY
39-039   DEFIANCE COUNTY          39-135   PREBLE COUNTY
39-041   DELAWARE COUNTY          39-137   PUTNAM COUNTY
39-043   ERIE COUNTY              39-139   RICHLAND COUNTY
39-045   FAIRFIELD COUNTY         39-141   ROSS COUNTY
39-047   FAYETTE COUNTY           39-143   SANDUSKY COUNTY
39-049   FRANKLIN COUNTY          39-145   SCIOTO COUNTY
39-051   FULTON COUNTY            39-147   SENECA COUNTY
39-053   GALLIA COUNTY            39-149   SHELBY COUNTY
39-055   GEAUGA COUNTY            39-151   STARK COUNTY
39-057   GREENE COUNTY            39-153   SUMMIT COUNTY
39-059   GUERNSEY COUNTY          39-155   TRUMBULL COUNTY
39-061   HAMILTON COUNTY          39-157   TUSCARAWAS COUNTY
39-063   HANCOCK COUNTY           39-159   UNION COUNTY
39-065   HARDIN COUNTY            39-161   VAN WERT COUNTY
39-067   HARRISON COUNTY          39-163   VINTON COUNTY
39-069   HENRY COUNTY             39-165   WARREN COUNTY
39-071   HIGHLAND COUNTY          39-167   WASHINGTON COUNTY
39-073   HOCKING COUNTY           39-169   WAYNE COUNTY
39-075   HOLMES COUNTY            39-171   WILLIAMS COUNTY
39-077   HURON COUNTY             39-173   WOOD COUNTY
39-079   JACKSON COUNTY           39-175   WYANDOT COUNTY
39-081   JEFFERSON COUNTY






40-000   OKLAHOMA                 40-095   MARSHALL COUNTY
40-001   ADAIR COUNTY             40-097   MAYES COUNTY
40-003   ALFALFA COUNTY           40-099   MURRAY COUNTY
40-005   ATOKA COUNTY             40-101   MUSKOGEE COUNTY
40-007   BEAVER COUNTY            40-103   NOBLE COUNTY
40-009   BECKHAM COUNTY           40-105   NOWATA COUNTY
40-011   BLAINE COUNTY            40-107   OKFUSKEE COUNTY
40-013   BRYAN COUNTY             40-109   OKLAHOMA COUNTY
40-015   CADDO COUNTY             40-111   OKMULGEE COUNTY
40-017   CANADIAN COUNTY          40-113   OSAGE COUNTY
40-019   CARTER COUNTY            40-115   OTTAWA COUNTY
40-021   CHEROKEE COUNTY          40-117   PAWNEE COUNTY
40-023   CHOCTAW COUNTY           40-119   PAYNE COUNTY
40-025   CIMARRON COUNTY          40-121   PITTSBURG COUNTY
40-027   CLEVELAND COUNTY         40-123   PONTOTOC COUNTY
40-029   COAL COUNTY              40-125   POTTAWATOMIE COUNTY
40-031   COMANCHE COUNTY          40-127   PUSHMATAHA COUNTY
40-033   COTTON COUNTY            40-129   ROGER MILLS COUNTY
40-035   CRAIG COUNTY             40-131   ROGERS COUNTY
40-037   CREEK COUNTY             40-133   SEMINOLE COUNTY
40-039   CUSTER COUNTY            40-135   SEQUOYAH COUNTY
40-041   DELAWARE COUNTY          40-137   STEPHENS COUNTY
40-043   DEWEY COUNTY             40-139   TEXAS COUNTY
40-045   ELLIS COUNTY             40-141   TILLMAN COUNTY
40-047   GARFIELD COUNTY          40-143   TULSA COUNTY
40-049   GARVIN COUNTY            40-145   WAGONER COUNTY
40-051   GRADY COUNTY             40-147   WASHINGTON COUNTY
40-053   GRANT COUNTY             40-149   WASHITA COUNTY
40-055   GREER COUNTY             40-151   WOODS COUNTY
40-057   HARMON COUNTY            40-153   WOODWARD COUNTY
40-059   HARPER COUNTY
40-061   HASKELL COUNTY           41-000   OREGON
40-063   HUGHES COUNTY            41-001   BAKER COUNTY
40-065   JACKSON COUNTY           41-003   BENTON COUNTY
40-067   JEFFERSON COUNTY         41-005   CLACKAMAS COUNTY
40-069   JOHNSTON COUNTY          41-007   CLATSOP COUNTY
40-071   KAY COUNTY               41-009   COLUMBIA COUNTY
40-073   KINGFISHER COUNTY        41-011   COOS COUNTY
40-075   KIOWA COUNTY             41-013   CROOK COUNTY
40-077   LATIMER COUNTY           41-015   CURRY COUNTY
40-079   LE FLORE COUNTY          41-017   DESCHUTES COUNTY
40-081   LINCOLN COUNTY           41-019   DOUGLAS COUNTY
40-083   LOGAN COUNTY             41-021   GILLIAM COUNTY
40-085   LOVE COUNTY              41-023   GRANT COUNTY
40-087   MCCLAIN COUNTY           41-025   HARNEY COUNTY
40-089   MCCURTAIN COUNTY         41-027   HOOD RIVER COUNTY
40-091   MCINTOSH COUNTY          41-029   JACKSON COUNTY
40-093   MAJOR COUNTY             41-031   JEFFERSON COUNTY






41-033   JOSEPHINE COUNTY         42-053   FOREST COUNTY
41-035   KLAMATH COUNTY           42-055   FRANKLIN COUNTY
41-037   LAKE COUNTY              42-057   FULTON COUNTY
41-039   LANE COUNTY              42-059   GREENE COUNTY
41-041   LINCOLN COUNTY           42-061   HUNTINGDON COUNTY
41-043   LINN COUNTY              42-063   INDIANA COUNTY
41-045   MALHEUR COUNTY           42-065   JEFFERSON COUNTY
41-047   MARION COUNTY            42-067   JUNIATA COUNTY
41-049   MORROW COUNTY            42-069   LACKAWANNA COUNTY
41-051   MULTNOMAH COUNTY         42-071   LANCASTER COUNTY
41-053   POLK COUNTY              42-073   LAWRENCE COUNTY
41-055   SHERMAN COUNTY           42-075   LEBANON COUNTY
41-057   TILLAMOOK COUNTY         42-077   LEHIGH COUNTY
41-059   UMATILLA COUNTY          42-079   LUZERNE COUNTY
41-061   UNION COUNTY             42-081   LYCOMING COUNTY
41-063   WALLOWA COUNTY           42-083   MCKEAN COUNTY
41-065   WASCO COUNTY             42-085   MERCER COUNTY
41-067   WASHINGTON COUNTY        42-087   MIFFLIN COUNTY
41-069   WHEELER COUNTY           42-089   MONROE COUNTY
41-071   YAMHILL COUNTY           42-091   MONTGOMERY COUNTY
                                  42-093   MONTOUR COUNTY
42-000   PENNSYLVANIA             42-095   NORTHAMPTON COUNTY
42-001   ADAMS COUNTY             42-097   NORTHUMBERLAND COUNT
42-003   ALLEGHENY COUNTY         42-099   PERRY COUNTY
42-005   ARMSTRONG COUNTY         42-101   PHILADELPHIA COUNTY
42-007   BEAVER COUNTY            42-103   PIKE COUNTY
42-009   BEDFORD COUNTY           42-105   POTTER COUNTY
42-011   BERKS COUNTY             42-107   SCHUYLKILL COUNTY
42-013   BLAIR COUNTY             42-109   SNYDER COUNTY
42-015   BRADFORD COUNTY          42-111   SOMERSET COUNTY
42-017   BUCKS COUNTY             42-113   SULLIVAN COUNTY
42-019   BUTLER COUNTY            42-115   SUSQUEHANNA COUNTY
42-021   CAMBRIA COUNTY           42-117   TIOGA COUNTY
42-023   CAMERON COUNTY           42-119   UNION COUNTY
42-025   CARBON COUNTY            42-121   VENANGO COUNTY
42-027   CENTRE COUNTY            42-123   WARREN COUNTY
42-029   CHESTER COUNTY           42-125   WASHINGTON COUNTY
42-031   CLARION COUNTY           42-127   WAYNE COUNTY
42-033   CLEARFIELD COUNTY        42-129   WESTMORELAND COUNTY
42-035   CLINTON COUNTY           42-131   WYOMING COUNTY
42-037   COLUMBIA COUNTY          42-133   YORK COUNTY
42-039   CRAWFORD COUNTY
42-041   CUMBERLAND COUNTY        44-000   RHODE ISLAND
42-043   DAUPHIN COUNTY           44-001   BRISTOL COUNTY
42-045   DELAWARE COUNTY          44-003   KENT COUNTY
42-047   ELK COUNTY               44-005   NEWPORT COUNTY
42-049   ERIE COUNTY              44-007   PROVIDENCE COUNTY
42-051   FAYETTE COUNTY           44-009   WASHINGTON COUNTY






45-000   SOUTH CAROLINA           46-000   SOUTH DAKOTA
45-001   ABBEVILLE COUNTY         46-003   AURORA COUNTY
45-003   AIKEN COUNTY             46-005   BEADLE COUNTY
45-005   ALLENDALE COUNTY         46-007   BENNETT COUNTY
45-007   ANDERSON COUNTY          46-009   BON HOMME COUNTY
45-009   BAMBERG COUNTY           46-011   BROOKINGS COUNTY
45-011   BARNWELL COUNTY          46-013   BROWN COUNTY
45-013   BEAUFORT COUNTY          46-015   BRULE COUNTY
45-015   BERKELEY COUNTY          46-017   BUFFALO COUNTY
45-017   CALHOUN COUNTY           46-019   BUTTE COUNTY
45-019   CHARLESTON COUNTY        46-021   CAMPBELL COUNTY
45-021   CHEROKEE COUNTY          46-023   CHARLES MIX COUNTY
45-023   CHESTER COUNTY           46-025   CLARK COUNTY
45-025   CHESTERFIELD COUNTY      46-027   CLAY COUNTY
45-027   CLARENDON COUNTY         46-029   CODINGTON COUNTY
45-029   COLLETON COUNTY          46-031   CORSON COUNTY
45-031   DARLINGTON COUNTY        46-033   CUSTER COUNTY
45-033   DILLON COUNTY            46-035   DAVISON COUNTY
45-035   DORCHESTER COUNTY        46-037   DAY COUNTY
45-037   EDGEFIELD COUNTY         46-039   DEUEL COUNTY
45-039   FAIRFIELD COUNTY         46-041   DEWEY COUNTY
45-041   FLORENCE COUNTY          46-043   DOUGLAS COUNTY
45-043   GEORGETOWN COUNTY        46-045   EDMUNDS COUNTY
45-045   GREENVILLE COUNTY        46-047   FALL RIVER COUNTY
45-047   GREENWOOD COUNTY         46-049   FAULK COUNTY
45-049   HAMPTON COUNTY           46-051   GRANT COUNTY
45-051   HORRY COUNTY             46-053   GREGORY COUNTY
45-053   JASPER COUNTY            46-055   HAAKON COUNTY
45-055   KERSHAW COUNTY           46-057   HAMLIN COUNTY
45-057   LANCASTER COUNTY         46-059   HAND COUNTY
45-059   LAURENS COUNTY           46-061   HANSON COUNTY
45-061   LEE COUNTY               46-063   HARDING COUNTY
45-063   LEXINGTON COUNTY         46-065   HUGHES COUNTY
45-065   MCCORMICK COUNTY         46-067   HUTCHINSON COUNTY
45-067   MARION COUNTY            46-069   HYDE COUNTY
45-069   MARLBORO COUNTY          46-071   JACKSON COUNTY
45-071   NEWBERRY COUNTY          46-073   JERAULD COUNTY
45-073   OCONEE COUNTY            46-075   JONES COUNTY
45-075   ORANGEBURG COUNTY        46-077   KINGSBURY COUNTY
45-077   PICKENS COUNTY           46-079   LAKE COUNTY
45-079   RICHLAND COUNTY          46-081   LAWRENCE COUNTY
45-081   SALUDA COUNTY            46-083   LINCOLN COUNTY
45-083   SPARTANBURG COUNTY       46-085   LYMAN COUNTY
45-085   SUMTER COUNTY            46-087   MCCOOK COUNTY
45-087   UNION COUNTY             46-089   MCPHERSON COUNTY
45-089   WILLIAMSBURG COUNTY      46-091   MARSHALL COUNTY
45-091   YORK COUNTY              46-093   MEADE COUNTY






46-095   MELLETTE COUNTY          47-053   GIBSON COUNTY
46-097   MINER COUNTY             47-055   GILES COUNTY
46-099   MINNEHAHA COUNTY         47-057   GRAINGER COUNTY
46-101   MOODY COUNTY             47-059   GREENE COUNTY
46-103   PENNINGTON COUNTY        47-061   GRUNDY COUNTY
46-105   PERKINS COUNTY           47-063   HAMBLEN COUNTY
46-107   POTTER COUNTY            47-065   HAMILTON COUNTY
46-109   ROBERTS COUNTY           47-067   HANCOCK COUNTY
46-111   SANBORN COUNTY           47-069   HARDEMAN COUNTY
46-113   SHANNON COUNTY           47-071   HARDIN COUNTY
46-115   SPINK COUNTY             47-073   HAWKINS COUNTY
46-117   STANLEY COUNTY           47-075   HAYWOOD COUNTY
46-119   SULLY COUNTY             47-077   HENDERSON COUNTY
46-121   TODD COUNTY              47-079   HENRY COUNTY
46-123   TRIPP COUNTY             47-081   HICKMAN COUNTY
46-125   TURNER COUNTY            47-083   HOUSTON COUNTY
46-127   UNION COUNTY             47-085   HUMPHREYS COUNTY
46-129   WALWORTH COUNTY          47-087   JACKSON COUNTY
46-135   YANKTON COUNTY           47-089   JEFFERSON COUNTY
46-137   ZIEBACH COUNTY           47-091   JOHNSON COUNTY
                                  47-093   KNOX COUNTY
47-000   TENNESSEE                47-095   LAKE COUNTY
47-001   ANDERSON COUNTY          47-097   LAUDERDALE COUNTY
47-003   BEDFORD COUNTY           47-099   LAWRENCE COUNTY
47-005   BENTON COUNTY            47-101   LEWIS COUNTY
47-007   BLEDSOE COUNTY           47-103   LINCOLN COUNTY
47-009   BLOUNT COUNTY            47-105   LOUDON COUNTY
47-011   BRADLEY COUNTY           47-107   MCMINN COUNTY
47-013   CAMPBELL COUNTY          47-109   MCNAIRY COUNTY
47-015   CANNON COUNTY            47-111   MACON COUNTY
47-017   CARROLL COUNTY           47-113   MADISON COUNTY
47-019   CARTER COUNTY            47-115   MARION COUNTY
47-021   CHEATHAM COUNTY          47-117   MARSHALL COUNTY
47-023   CHESTER COUNTY           47-119   MAURY COUNTY
47-025   CLAIBORNE COUNTY         47-121   MEIGS COUNTY
47-027   CLAY COUNTY              47-123   MONROE COUNTY
47-029   COCKE COUNTY             47-125   MONTGOMERY COUNTY
47-031   COFFEE COUNTY            47-127   MOORE COUNTY
47-033   CROCKETT COUNTY          47-129   MORGAN COUNTY
47-035   CUMBERLAND COUNTY        47-131   OBION COUNTY
47-037   DAVIDSON COUNTY          47-133   OVERTON COUNTY
47-039   DECATUR COUNTY           47-135   PERRY COUNTY
47-041   DE KALB COUNTY           47-137   PICKETT COUNTY
47-043   DICKSON COUNTY           47-139   POLK COUNTY
47-045   DYER COUNTY              47-141   PUTNAM COUNTY
47-047   FAYETTE COUNTY           47-143   RHEA COUNTY
47-049   FENTRESS COUNTY          47-145   ROANE COUNTY
47-051   FRANKLIN COUNTY          47-147   ROBERTSON COUNTY






47-149   RUTHERFORD COUNTY        48-051   BURLESON COUNTY
47-151   SCOTT COUNTY             48-053   BURNET COUNTY
47-153   SEQUATCHIE COUNTY        48-055   CALDWELL COUNTY
47-155   SEVIER COUNTY            48-057   CALHOUN COUNTY
47-157   SHELBY COUNTY            48-059   CALLAHAN COUNTY
47-159   SMITH COUNTY             48-061   CAMERON COUNTY
47-161   STEWART COUNTY           48-063   CAMP COUNTY
47-163   SULLIVAN COUNTY          48-065   CARSON COUNTY
47-165   SUMNER COUNTY            48-067   CASS COUNTY
47-167   TIPTON COUNTY            48-069   CASTRO COUNTY
47-169   TROUSDALE COUNTY         48-071   CHAMBERS COUNTY
47-171   UNICOI COUNTY            48-073   CHEROKEE COUNTY
47-173   UNION COUNTY             48-075   CHILDRESS COUNTY
47-175   VAN BUREN COUNTY         48-077   CLAY COUNTY
47-177   WARREN COUNTY            48-079   COCHRAN COUNTY
47-179   WASHINGTON COUNTY        48-081   COKE COUNTY
47-181   WAYNE COUNTY             48-083   COLEMAN COUNTY
47-183   WEAKLEY COUNTY           48-085   COLLIN COUNTY
47-185   WHITE COUNTY             48-087   COLLINGSWORTH COUNTY
47-187   WILLIAMSON COUNTY        48-089   COLORADO COUNTY
47-189   WILSON COUNTY            48-091   COMAL COUNTY
                                  48-093   COMANCHE COUNTY
48-000   TEXAS                    48-095   CONCHO COUNTY
48-001   ANDERSON COUNTY          48-097   COOKE COUNTY
48-003   ANDREWS COUNTY           48-099   CORYELL COUNTY
48-005   ANGELINA COUNTY          48-101   COTTLE COUNTY
48-007   ARANSAS COUNTY           48-103   CRANE COUNTY
48-009   ARCHER COUNTY            48-105   CROCKETT COUNTY
48-011   ARMSTRONG COUNTY         48-107   CROSBY COUNTY
48-013   ATASCOSA COUNTY          48-109   CULBERSON COUNTY
48-015   AUSTIN COUNTY            48-111   DALLAM COUNTY
48-017   BAILEY COUNTY            48-113   DALLAS COUNTY
48-019   BANDERA COUNTY           48-115   DAWSON COUNTY
48-021   BASTROP COUNTY           48-117   DEAF SMITH COUNTY
48-023   BAYLOR COUNTY            48-119   DELTA COUNTY
48-025   BEE COUNTY               48-121   DENTON COUNTY
48-027   BELL COUNTY              48-123   DE WITT COUNTY
48-029   BEXAR COUNTY             48-125   DICKENS COUNTY
48-031   BLANCO COUNTY            48-127   DIMMIT COUNTY
48-033   BORDEN COUNTY            48-129   DONLEY COUNTY
48-035   BOSQUE COUNTY            48-131   DUVAL COUNTY
48-037   BOWIE COUNTY             48-133   EASTLAND COUNTY
48-039   BRAZORIA COUNTY          48-135   ECTOR COUNTY
48-041   BRAZOS COUNTY            48-137   EDWARDS COUNTY
48-043   BREWSTER COUNTY          48-139   ELLIS COUNTY
48-045   BRISCOE COUNTY           48-141   EL PASO COUNTY
48-047   BROOKS COUNTY            48-143   ERATH COUNTY
48-049   BROWN COUNTY             48-145   FALLS COUNTY






48-147   FANNIN COUNTY            48-243   JEFF DAVIS COUNTY
48-149   FAYETTE COUNTY           48-245   JEFFERSON COUNTY
48-151   FISHER COUNTY            48-247   JIM HOGG COUNTY
48-153   FLOYD COUNTY             48-249   JIM WELLS COUNTY
48-155   FOARD COUNTY             48-251   JOHNSON COUNTY
48-157   FORT BEND COUNTY         48-253   JONES COUNTY
48-159   FRANKLIN COUNTY          48-255   KARNES COUNTY
48-161   FREESTONE COUNTY         48-257   KAUFMAN COUNTY
48-163   FRIO COUNTY              48-259   KENDALL COUNTY
48-165   GAINES COUNTY            48-261   KENEDY COUNTY
48-167   GALVESTON COUNTY         48-263   KENT COUNTY
48-169   GARZA COUNTY             48-265   KERR COUNTY
48-171   GILLESPIE COUNTY         48-267   KIMBLE COUNTY
48-173   GLASSCOCK COUNTY         48-269   KING COUNTY
48-175   GOLIAD COUNTY            48-271   KINNEY COUNTY
48-177   GONZALES COUNTY          48-273   KLEBERG COUNTY
48-179   GRAY COUNTY              48-275   KNOX COUNTY
48-181   GRAYSON COUNTY           48-277   LAMAR COUNTY
48-183   GREGG COUNTY             48-279   LAMB COUNTY
48-185   GRIMES COUNTY            48-281   LAMPASAS COUNTY
48-187   GUADALUPE COUNTY         48-283   LA SALLE COUNTY
48-189   HALE COUNTY              48-285   LAVACA COUNTY
48-191   HALL COUNTY              48-287   LEE COUNTY
48-193   HAMILTON COUNTY          48-289   LEON COUNTY
48-195   HANSFORD COUNTY          48-291   LIBERTY COUNTY
48-197   HARDEMAN COUNTY          48-293   LIMESTONE COUNTY
48-199   HARDIN COUNTY            48-295   LIPSCOMB COUNTY
48-201   HARRIS COUNTY            48-297   LIVE OAK COUNTY
48-203   HARRISON COUNTY          48-299   LLANO COUNTY
48-205   HARTLEY COUNTY           48-301   LOVING COUNTY
48-207   HASKELL COUNTY           48-303   LUBBOCK COUNTY
48-209   HAYS COUNTY              48-305   LYNN COUNTY
48-211   HEMPHILL COUNTY          48-307   MCCULLOCH COUNTY
48-213   HENDERSON COUNTY         48-309   MCLENNAN COUNTY
48-215   HIDALGO COUNTY           48-311   MCMULLEN COUNTY
48-217   HILL COUNTY              48-313   MADISON COUNTY
48-219   HOCKLEY COUNTY           48-315   MARION COUNTY
48-221   HOOD COUNTY              48-317   MARTIN COUNTY
48-223   HOPKINS COUNTY           48-319   MASON COUNTY
48-225   HOUSTON COUNTY           48-321   MATAGORDA COUNTY
48-227   HOWARD COUNTY            48-323   MAVERICK COUNTY
48-229   HUDSPETH COUNTY          48-325   MEDINA COUNTY
48-231   HUNT COUNTY              48-327   MENARD COUNTY
48-233   HUTCHINSON COUNTY        48-329   MIDLAND COUNTY
48-235   IRION COUNTY             48-331   MILAM COUNTY
48-237   JACK COUNTY              48-333   MILLS COUNTY
48-239   JACKSON COUNTY           48-335   MITCHELL COUNTY
48-241   JASPER COUNTY            48-337   MONTAGUE COUNTY






48-339   MONTGOMERY COUNTY        48-435   SUTTON COUNTY
48-341   MOORE COUNTY             48-437   SWISHER COUNTY
48-343   MORRIS COUNTY            48-439   TARRANT COUNTY
48-345   MOTLEY COUNTY            48-441   TAYLOR COUNTY
48-347   NACOGDOCHES COUNTY       48-443   TERRELL COUNTY
48-349   NAVARRO COUNTY           48-445   TERRY COUNTY
48-351   NEWTON COUNTY            48-447   THROCKMORTON COUNTY
48-353   NOLAN COUNTY             48-449   TITUS COUNTY
48-355   NUECES COUNTY            48-451   TOM GREEN COUNTY
48-357   OCHILTREE COUNTY         48-453   TRAVIS COUNTY
48-359   OLDHAM COUNTY            48-455   TRINITY COUNTY
48-361   ORANGE COUNTY            48-457   TYLER COUNTY
48-363   PALO PINTO COUNTY        48-459   UPSHUR COUNTY
48-365   PANOLA COUNTY            48-461   UPTON COUNTY
48-367   PARKER COUNTY            48-463   UVALDE COUNTY
48-369   PARMER COUNTY            48-465   VAL VERDE COUNTY
48-371   PECOS COUNTY             48-467   VAN ZANDT COUNTY
48-373   POLK COUNTY              48-469   VICTORIA COUNTY
48-375   POTTER COUNTY            48-471   WALKER COUNTY
48-377   PRESIDIO COUNTY          48-473   WALLER COUNTY
48-379   RAINS COUNTY             48-475   WARD COUNTY
48-381   RANDALL COUNTY           48-477   WASHINGTON COUNTY
48-383   REAGAN COUNTY            48-479   WEBB COUNTY
48-385   REAL COUNTY              48-481   WHARTON COUNTY
48-387   RED RIVER COUNTY         48-483   WHEELER COUNTY
48-389   REEVES COUNTY            48-485   WICHITA COUNTY
48-391   REFUGIO COUNTY           48-487   WILBARGER COUNTY
48-393   ROBERTS COUNTY           48-489   WILLACY COUNTY
48-395   ROBERTSON COUNTY         48-491   WILLIAMSON COUNTY
48-397   ROCKWALL COUNTY          48-493   WILSON COUNTY
48-399   RUNNELS COUNTY           48-495   WINKLER COUNTY
48-401   RUSK COUNTY              48-497   WISE COUNTY
48-403   SABINE COUNTY            48-499   WOOD COUNTY
48-405   SAN AUGUSTINE COUNTY     48-501   YOAKUM COUNTY
48-407   SAN JACINTO COUNTY       48-503   YOUNG COUNTY
48-409   SAN PATRICIO COUNTY      48-505   ZAPATA COUNTY
48-411   SAN SABA COUNTY          48-507   ZAVALA COUNTY
48-413   SCHLEICHER COUNTY
48-415   SCURRY COUNTY            49-000   UTAH
48-417   SHACKELFORD COUNTY       49-001   BEAVER COUNTY
48-419   SHELBY COUNTY            49-003   BOX ELDER COUNTY
48-421   SHERMAN COUNTY           49-005   CACHE COUNTY
48-423   SMITH COUNTY             49-007   CARBON COUNTY
48-425   SOMERVELL COUNTY         49-009   DAGGETT COUNTY
48-427   STARR COUNTY             49-011   DAVIS COUNTY
48-429   STEPHENS COUNTY          49-013   DUCHESNE COUNTY
48-431   STERLING COUNTY          49-015   EMERY COUNTY
48-433   STONEWALL COUNTY         49-017   GARFIELD COUNTY






49-019   GRAND COUNTY             51-021   BLAND COUNTY
49-021   IRON COUNTY              51-023   BOTETOURT COUNTY
49-023   JUAB COUNTY              51-025   BRUNSWICK COUNTY
49-025   KANE COUNTY              51-027   BUCHANAN COUNTY
49-027   MILLARD COUNTY           51-029   BUCKINGHAM COUNTY
49-029   MORGAN COUNTY            51-031   CAMPBELL COUNTY
49-031   PIUTE COUNTY             51-033   CAROLINE COUNTY
49-033   RICH COUNTY              51-035   CARROLL COUNTY
49-035   SALT LAKE COUNTY         51-036   CHARLES CITY COUNTY
49-037   SAN JUAN COUNTY          51-037   CHARLOTTE COUNTY
49-039   SANPETE COUNTY           51-041   CHESTERFIELD COUNTY
49-041   SEVIER COUNTY            51-043   CLARKE COUNTY
49-043   SUMMIT COUNTY            51-045   CRAIG COUNTY
49-045   TOOELE COUNTY            51-047   CULPEPER COUNTY
49-047   UINTAH COUNTY            51-049   CUMBERLAND COUNTY
49-049   UTAH COUNTY              51-051   DICKENSON COUNTY
49-051   WASATCH COUNTY           51-053   DINWIDDIE COUNTY
49-053   WASHINGTON COUNTY        51-057   ESSEX COUNTY
49-055   WAYNE COUNTY             51-059   FAIRFAX COUNTY
49-057   WEBER COUNTY             51-061   FAUQUIER COUNTY
                                  51-063   FLOYD COUNTY
50-000   VERMONT                  51-065   FLUVANNA COUNTY
50-001   ADDISON COUNTY           51-067   FRANKLIN COUNTY
50-003   BENNINGTON COUNTY        51-069   FREDERICK COUNTY
50-005   CALEDONIA COUNTY         51-071   GILES COUNTY
50-007   CHITTENDEN COUNTY        51-073   GLOUCESTER COUNTY
50-009   ESSEX COUNTY             51-075   GOOCHLAND COUNTY
50-011   FRANKLIN COUNTY          51-077   GRAYSON COUNTY
50-013   GRAND ISLE COUNTY        51-079   GREENE COUNTY
50-015   LAMOILLE COUNTY          51-081   GREENSVILLE COUNTY
50-017   ORANGE COUNTY            51-083   HALIFAX COUNTY
50-019   ORLEANS COUNTY           51-085   HANOVER COUNTY
50-021   RUTLAND COUNTY           51-087   HENRICO COUNTY
50-023   WASHINGTON COUNTY        51-089   HENRY COUNTY
50-025   WINDHAM COUNTY           51-091   HIGHLAND COUNTY
50-027   WINDSOR COUNTY           51-093   ISLE OF WIGHT COUNTY
                                  51-095   JAMES CITY COUNTY
51-000   VIRGINIA                 51-097   KING AND QUEEN COUNT
51-001   ACCOMACK COUNTY          51-099   KING GEORGE COUNTY
51-003   ALBEMARLE COUNTY         51-101   KING WILLIAM COUNTY
51-005   ALLEGHANY COUNTY         51-103   LANCASTER COUNTY
51-007   AMELIA COUNTY            51-105   LEE COUNTY
51-009   AMHERST COUNTY           51-107   LOUDOUN COUNTY
51-011   APPOMATTOX COUNTY        51-109   LOUISA COUNTY
51-013   ARLINGTON COUNTY         51-111   LUNENBURG COUNTY
51-015   AUGUSTA COUNTY           51-113   MADISON COUNTY
51-017   BATH COUNTY              51-115   MATHEWS COUNTY
51-019   BEDFORD COUNTY           51-117   MECKLENBURG COUNTY






51-119   MIDDLESEX COUNTY         51-600   FAIRFAX
51-121   MONTGOMERY COUNTY        51-610   FALLS CHURCH
51-125   NELSON COUNTY            51-620   FRANKLIN
51-127   NEW KENT COUNTY          51-630   FREDERICKSBURG
51-131   NORTHAMPTON COUNTY       51-640   GALAX
51-133   NORTHUMBERLAND COUNT     51-650   HAMPTON
51-135   NOTTOWAY COUNTY          51-660   HARRISONBURG
51-137   ORANGE COUNTY            51-670   HOPEWELL
51-139   PAGE COUNTY              51-678   LEXINGTON
51-141   PATRICK COUNTY           51-680   LYNCHBURG
51-143   PITTSYLVANIA COUNTY      51-683   MANASSAS
51-145   POWHATAN COUNTY          51-685   MANASSAS PARK
51-147   PRINCE EDWARD COUNTY     51-690   MARTINSVILLE
51-149   PRINCE GEORGE COUNTY     51-700   NEWPORT NEWS
51-153   PRINCE WILLIAM COUNT     51-710   NORFOLK
51-155   PULASKI COUNTY           51-720   NORTON
51-157   RAPPAHANNOCK COUNTY      51-730   PETERSBURG
51-159   RICHMOND COUNTY          51-735   POQUOSON
51-161   ROANOKE COUNTY           51-740   PORTSMOUTH
51-163   ROCKBRIDGE COUNTY        51-750   RADFORD
51-165   ROCKINGHAM COUNTY        51-760   RICHMOND
51-167   RUSSELL COUNTY           51-770   ROANOKE
51-169   SCOTT COUNTY             51-775   SALEM
51-171   SHENANDOAH COUNTY
51-173   SMYTH COUNTY             51-790   STAUNTON
51-175   SOUTHAMPTON COUNTY       51-800   SUFFOLK
51-177   SPOTSYLVANIA COUNTY      51-810   VIRGINIA BEACH
51-179   STAFFORD COUNTY          51-820   WAYNESBORO
51-181   SURRY COUNTY             51-830   WILLIAMSBURG
51-183   SUSSEX COUNTY            51-840   WINCHESTER
51-185   TAZEWELL COUNTY
51-187   WARREN COUNTY            53-000   WASHINGTON
51-191   WASHINGTON COUNTY        53-001   ADAMS COUNTY
51-193   WESTMORELAND COUNTY      53-003   ASOTIN COUNTY
51-195   WISE COUNTY              53-005   BENTON COUNTY
51-197   WYTHE COUNTY             53-007   CHELAN COUNTY
51-199   YORK COUNTY              53-009   CLALLAM COUNTY
51-510   ALEXANDRIA               53-011   CLARK COUNTY
51-515   BEDFORD                  53-013   COLUMBIA COUNTY
51-520   BRISTOL                  53-015   COWLITZ COUNTY
51-530   BUENA VISTA              53-017   DOUGLAS COUNTY
51-540   CHARLOTTESVILLE          53-019   FERRY COUNTY
51-550   CHESAPEAKE               53-021   FRANKLIN COUNTY
                                  53-023   GARFIELD COUNTY
51-570   COLONIAL HEIGHTS         53-025   GRANT COUNTY
51-580   COVINGTON                53-027   GRAYS HARBOR COUNTY
51-590   DANVILLE                 53-029   ISLAND COUNTY
51-595   EMPORIA                  53-031   JEFFERSON COUNTY






53-033   KING COUNTY              54-047   MCDOWELL COUNTY
53-035   KITSAP COUNTY            54-049   MARION COUNTY
53-037   KITTITAS COUNTY          54-051   MARSHALL COUNTY
53-039   KLICKITAT COUNTY         54-053   MASON COUNTY
53-041   LEWIS COUNTY             54-055   MERCER COUNTY
53-043   LINCOLN COUNTY           54-057   MINERAL COUNTY
53-045   MASON COUNTY             54-059   MINGO COUNTY
53-047   OKANOGAN COUNTY          54-061   MONONGALIA COUNTY
53-049   PACIFIC COUNTY           54-063   MONROE COUNTY
53-051   PEND OREILLE COUNTY      54-065   MORGAN COUNTY
53-053   PIERCE COUNTY            54-067   NICHOLAS COUNTY
53-055   SAN JUAN COUNTY          54-069   OHIO COUNTY
53-057   SKAGIT COUNTY            54-071   PENDLETON COUNTY
53-059   SKAMANIA COUNTY          54-073   PLEASANTS COUNTY
53-061   SNOHOMISH COUNTY         54-075   POCAHONTAS COUNTY
53-063   SPOKANE COUNTY           54-077   PRESTON COUNTY
53-065   STEVENS COUNTY           54-079   PUTNAM COUNTY
53-067   THURSTON COUNTY          54-081   RALEIGH COUNTY
53-069   WAHKIAKUM COUNTY         54-083   RANDOLPH COUNTY
53-071   WALLA WALLA COUNTY       54-085   RITCHIE COUNTY
53-073   WHATCOM COUNTY           54-087   ROANE COUNTY
53-075   WHITMAN COUNTY           54-089   SUMMERS COUNTY
53-077   YAKIMA COUNTY            54-091   TAYLOR COUNTY
                                  54-093   TUCKER COUNTY
54-000   WEST VIRGINIA            54-095   TYLER COUNTY
54-001   BARBOUR COUNTY           54-097   UPSHUR COUNTY
54-003   BERKELEY COUNTY          54-099   WAYNE COUNTY
54-005   BOONE COUNTY             54-101   WEBSTER COUNTY
54-007   BRAXTON COUNTY           54-103   WETZEL COUNTY
54-009   BROOKE COUNTY            54-105   WIRT COUNTY
54-011   CABELL COUNTY            54-107   WOOD COUNTY
54-013   CALHOUN COUNTY           54-109   WYOMING COUNTY
54-015   CLAY COUNTY
54-017   DODDRIDGE COUNTY         55-000   WISCONSIN
54-019   FAYETTE COUNTY           55-001   ADAMS COUNTY
54-021   GILMER COUNTY            55-003   ASHLAND COUNTY
54-023   GRANT COUNTY             55-005   BARRON COUNTY
54-025   GREENBRIER COUNTY        55-007   BAYFIELD COUNTY
54-027   HAMPSHIRE COUNTY         55-009   BROWN COUNTY
54-029   HANCOCK COUNTY           55-011   BUFFALO COUNTY
54-031   HARDY COUNTY             55-013   BURNETT COUNTY
54-033   HARRISON COUNTY          55-015   CALUMET COUNTY
54-035   JACKSON COUNTY           55-017   CHIPPEWA COUNTY
54-037   JEFFERSON COUNTY         55-019   CLARK COUNTY
54-039   KANAWHA COUNTY           55-021   COLUMBIA COUNTY
54-041   LEWIS COUNTY             55-023   CRAWFORD COUNTY
54-043   LINCOLN COUNTY           55-025   DANE COUNTY
54-045   LOGAN COUNTY             55-027   DODGE COUNTY






55-029   DOOR COUNTY              55-123   VERNON COUNTY
55-031   DOUGLAS COUNTY           55-125   VILAS COUNTY
55-033   DUNN COUNTY              55-127   WALWORTH COUNTY
55-035   EAU CLAIRE COUNTY        55-129   WASHBURN COUNTY
55-037   FLORENCE COUNTY          55-131   WASHINGTON COUNTY
55-039   FOND DU LAC COUNTY       55-133   WAUKESHA COUNTY
55-041   FOREST COUNTY            55-135   WAUPACA COUNTY
55-043   GRANT COUNTY             55-137   WAUSHARA COUNTY
55-045   GREEN COUNTY             55-139   WINNEBAGO COUNTY
55-047   GREEN LAKE COUNTY        55-141   WOOD COUNTY
55-049   IOWA COUNTY
55-051   IRON COUNTY              56-000   WYOMING
55-053   JACKSON COUNTY           56-001   ALBANY COUNTY
55-055   JEFFERSON COUNTY         56-003   BIG HORN COUNTY
55-057   JUNEAU COUNTY            56-005   CAMPBELL COUNTY
55-059   KENOSHA COUNTY           56-007   CARBON COUNTY
55-061   KEWAUNEE COUNTY          56-009   CONVERSE COUNTY
55-063   LA CROSSE COUNTY         56-011   CROOK COUNTY
55-065   LAFAYETTE COUNTY         56-013   FREMONT COUNTY
55-067   LANGLADE COUNTY          56-015   GOSHEN COUNTY
55-069   LINCOLN COUNTY           56-017   HOT SPRINGS COUNTY
55-071   MANITOWOC COUNTY         56-019   JOHNSON COUNTY
55-073   MARATHON COUNTY          56-021   LARAMIE COUNTY
55-075   MARINETTE COUNTY         56-023   LINCOLN COUNTY
55-077   MARQUETTE COUNTY         56-025   NATRONA COUNTY
55-078   MENOMINEE COUNTY         56-027   NIOBRARA COUNTY
55-079   MILWAUKEE COUNTY         56-029   PARK COUNTY
55-081   MONROE COUNTY            56-031   PLATTE COUNTY
55-083   OCONTO COUNTY            56-033   SHERIDAN COUNTY
55-085   ONEIDA COUNTY            56-035   SUBLETTE COUNTY
55-087   OUTAGAMIE COUNTY         56-037   SWEETWATER COUNTY
55-089   OZAUKEE COUNTY           56-039   TETON COUNTY
55-091   PEPIN COUNTY             56-041   UINTA COUNTY
55-093   PIERCE COUNTY            56-043   WASHAKIE COUNTY
55-095   POLK COUNTY              56-045   WESTON COUNTY
55-097   PORTAGE COUNTY
55-099   PRICE COUNTY             57-000   FOREIGN
55-101   RACINE COUNTY            57-001   FOREIGN COUNTRIES
55-103   RICHLAND COUNTY          57-003   PUERTO RICO
55-105   ROCK COUNTY              57-005   APO/ FPO ZIP CODES
55-107   RUSK COUNTY              57-007   VIRGIN ISLANDS
55-109   ST. CROIX COUNTY
55-111   SAUK COUNTY
55-113   SAWYER COUNTY
55-115   SHAWANO COUNTY
55-117   SHEBOYGAN COUNTY
55-119   TAYLOR COUNTY
55-121   TREMPEALEAU COUNTY






     Part F -- Code List for Summary Level Categories
     in the County-to-County Migration Flow Data


               Totals of All Migration Flows:

Total migration                                      96-000
Total migration to/from U.S.                         97-000
  Migration to/from different county in same state   97-001
  Migration to/from different state                  97-003
Total migration to/from foreign                      98-000


                     Non-Migrants:

Special codes for non-migrants are not used.  The record can be
identified where the origin state and county code are the same as
the destination state and county code.


      Summaries for Migration Flows Not Separately Shown

Migration to/from different county in same state    58-000
Migration to/from different state                   59-000
  Migration to/from the Northeast region            59-001
  Migration to/from the Midwest region              59-003
  Migration to/from the South region                59-005
  Migration to/from the West region                 59-007
Other foreign flows                                 57-009


   Northeast Region (59-001)           Midwest Region (59-003):

Connecticut  (09-000)               Illinois  (17-000)
Maine  (23-000)                     Indiana  (18-000)
Massachusetts  (25-000)             Iowa  (19-000)
New Hampshire  (33-000)             Kansas  (20-000)
New Jersey  (34-000)                Michigan  (26-000)
New York  (36-000)                  Minnesota  (27-000)
Pennsylvania  (42-000)              Missouri  (29-000)
Rhode island  (44-000)              Nebraska  (31-000)
Vermont  (50-000)                   North Dakota  (38-000)
                                    Ohio  (39-000)
                                    South Dakota  (46-000)
                                    Wisconsin  (55-000)


   South Region (59-005)               West Region (59-007):

Alabama   (01-000)                  Alaska   (02-000)
Arkansas   (05-000)                 Arizona   (04-000)
Delaware   (10-000)                 California   (06-000)
District of Columbia (11-000)       Colorado   (08-000)
Florida   (12-000)                  Hawaii   (15-000)
Georgia   (13-000)                  Idaho   (16-000)
Kentucky   (21-000)                 Montana   (30-000)
Louisiana   (22-000)                Nevada   (32-000)
Maryland   (24-000)                 New Mexico   (35-000)
Mississippi (28-000)                Oregon   (41-000)
North Carolina   (37-000)           Utah   (49-000)
Oklahoma   (40-000)                 Washington   (53-000)
South Carolina   (45-000)           Wyoming   (56-000)
Tennessee   (47-000)
Texas   (48-000)
Virginia   (51-000)
West Virginia   (54-000)






        Part G -- Research and Evaluation Papers


The following shows a list of research and evaluation papers that
are relevant to the data contained in the external data products:

    Sater, Douglas K., "Differences Between the UNISYS Processing
and the New ARPS Processing, and its Impact on County Migration ,
Administrative Records Processing System Results Memorandum No. 2,
September, 1997

    Sater, Douglas K., "Differences Between the UNISYS Processing
and the New ARPS Processing, and its Impact on the BEA Aggregate
Income Tallies for Tax Year 1995", Administrative Records
Processing System Results Memorandum No. 3, September, 1997

    Sater, Douglas K., "Differences Between Median Total Money
Income and Median Adjusted Gross Income in the State-to-State and
County-to-County Flow Data for Tax Year", Administrative Records
Processing System Results Memorandum No. 4, September, 1997

    Creech, James, and Sater, Douglas K., "Evaluation of
Differences Between the State-to-State and County-to-County
Migration Flows Derived From The CCRS County Codes and the Old
Herriot County Codes for Tax Year 1994-1995, Administrative Records
Processing System Results Memorandum No. 6, February, 1998

    Sater, Douglas K., "Differences Between Median Total Money
Income and Median Adjusted Gross Income in the State-to-State and
County-to-County Flow Data for Tax Year", Administrative Records
Processing System Results Memorandum No. 4, September, 1997






         Part H -- Suppression Procedures


In order to protect the confidentiality of information for
individual taxpayers, data cells that are based on a small number
of returns will not be shown.  For state level tabulations, the
cell must be based on atleast 3 returns to be shown.  For county
level tabulations, the cell must be based on atleast 10 returns to
be shown.  All other data cells will be suppressed.  The
suppression procedures are designed to maintain additivity across
and within geographic levels, and comparability across data
products.

A variety of suppression methods are used.  The data cell may be
suppressed by replacing the data with "d".  The data may be
suppressed by adding the value into another data cell, and
replacing the value with "d".  The data cell may be suppressed by
adding the value into the value for another piece of geography, and
replacing the value with "d".  Data cells may be suppressed by
accumulating the data into higher level geographic levels, and not
showing the lowest geographic level.  In addition to the direct
suppression of selected data cells, complimentary suppression of
other data cells may be done to prevent the rederivation of
suppressed data from the totals or from other data products.
Complimentary suppression may be done across data cells or across
geography.

This remainder of this section contains more detail on the
suppression procedures for the four data products.  It is not
generally distributed as a part of this documentation package, but
can be made available upon request.






       Part H.1 -- Suppression Procedures for the
         State and County Gross Migration File

Note that state and county records are handled exactly the same in
suppression procedures for state and county gross migration data.
That is, a more restrictive rule of 10 returns is used for states
rather than the standard rule of 3 returns.

A.  Suppression of all data:

If the total number of returns is less than 10 then all data for
the county will be suppressed.


B. Suppression of number of returns, total  exemptions,  under 65
exemptions and 65+ exemptions:

If the number of "year-1 onlys" is less than 10 returns, then the
number of returns, total exemptions, under 65 exemptions and 65+
exemptions will be suppressed (by replacing the data with d) for
the following data cells: "year-1 only".

If the number of "matched returns" or the number of "year-2 onlys"
is less than 10 returns, then the number of returns, total
exemptions, under 65 exemptions and 65+ exemptions will be
suppressed (by replacing the data with d) for the following data
cells: "matched returns", "non-migrants", "out-migrants to
foreign", "out-migrants to different state", "out-migrants to
different county in same state",  "in-migrants from foreign", "in-
migrants from different state", "in-migrants from different county
in same state", and "year-2 only".

Otherwise, if the number of "non-migrant" returns, sum of "in-
migrant" returns or sum of "out-migrant" returns is less than 10
then the number of returns, total exemptions, under 65 exemptions
and 65+ exemptions will be suppressed (by replacing the data with
d) for the following data cells   "non-migrants", "out-migrants
to foreign", "out-migrants to different state", "out-migrants to
different county in same state",  "in-migrants from foreign", "in-
migrants from different state", and "in-migrants from different
county in same state".

Otherwise:

    (A). If the number of returns for "out-migrants to foreign"
         is less than 10, then the number of returns, total
         exemptions, under 65 exemptions and 65+ exemptions for
         "out-migrants to foreign" will be suppressed by adding
         the number into the category "out-migrants to different
         state".

    (B). (After A is done) If the number of returns for "out-
         migrants to different state" is less than 10, then the
         number of returns, total exemptions, under 65 exemptions
         and 65+ exemptions for "out-migrants to different state"
         will be suppressed by adding the number into the
         category "out-migrants to different county in same
         state".

    (C). (After A and B are done) If the number of returns for
         "out-migrants to different county in state" is less than
         10, then the number of returns, total exemptions, under
         65 exemptions and 65+ exemptions for "out-migrants to
         different state" will be suppressed by: (1) adding the
         number into the category "out-migrants to different
         state", if it was not previously suppressed; or (2)
         adding the number into the category "out-migrants to
         foreign", if the category "out-migrants to different
         state" was previously suppressed.

    (D). If the number of returns for "in-migrants from foreign"
         is less than 10, then the number of returns, total
         exemptions, under 65 exemptions and 65+ exemptions for
         "in-migrants from foreign" will be suppressed by adding
         the number into the category "in-migrants from different
         state".

    (E). (After D is done) If the number of returns for "in-
         migrants from different state" is less than 10, then the
         number of returns, total exemptions, under 65 exemptions
         and 65+ exemptions for "in-migrants from different
         state" will be suppressed by adding the number into the
         category "in-migrants from different county in same
         state".

    (F). (After D and E are done) If the number of returns for
         "in-migrants from different county in state" is less
         than 10, then the number of returns, total exemptions,
         under 65 exemptions and 65+ exemptions for "in-migrants
         from different state" will be suppressed by: (1) adding
         the number into the category "in-migrants from different
         state", if it was not previously suppressed; or (2)
         adding the number into the category "in-migrants from
         foreign", if the category "in-migrants from different
         state" was previously suppressed.


C.   Extra suppression required for under 65 exemptions and
65+ exemptions:

If the number of under 65 exemptions or the number of 65+
exemptions for "total", then suppress (by replacing the number with
d), the number of under 65 exemptions and the number of 65+
exemptions for the following data cells   "Total returns", "matched
returns", "non-migrants", "out-migrants to foreign", "out-migrants
to different state", "out-migrants to different county in same
state",  "in-migrants from foreign", "in-migrants from different
state", "in-migrants from different county in same state", "year-1
only" and "year-2" only.

Otherwise, if the number of under 65 exemptions or the number of
65+ exemptions for "matched returns", "year-1 only", or "year-2
only", then suppress (by replacing the number with d), the number
of under 65 exemptions and the number of 65+ exemptions for the
following data cells   "matched returns", "non-migrants", "out-
migrants to foreign", "out-migrants to different state", "out-
migrants to different county in same state",  "in-migrants from
foreign", "in-migrants from different state", "in-migrants from
different county in same state", "year-1 only" and "year-2" only.

Otherwise, if the number of under 65 exemptions or the number of
65+ exemptions for "non-migrants", sum of "in-migrants" returns or
sum of "out-migrants" is less than 10 then suppress (by replacing
the number with d), the number of under 65 exemptions and the
number of 65+ exemptions for the following data cells   "non-
migrants", "out-migrants to foreign", "out-migrants to different
state", "out-migrants to different county in same state",  "in-
migrants from foreign", "in-migrants from different state", and
"in-migrants from different county in same state".

Otherwise:

    (A). If the number of under 65 exemptions or the number of
         65+ exemptions for "out-migrants to foreign" is less
         than 10, then suppress (by replacing the number with d)
         the number of under 65 exemptions and the number of 65+
         exemptions for "out-migrants to foreign".

    (B). If the number of under 65 exemptions or the number of
         65+ exemptions for "out-migrants to different state" is
         less than 10, then suppress (by replacing the number
         with d) the number of under 65 exemptions and the
         number of 65+ exemptions for "out-migrants to different
         state".

    (C). If the number of under 65 exemptions or the number of
         65+ exemptions for "out-migrants to different county in
         same state" is less than 10, then suppress (by replacing
         the number with d) the number of under 65 exemptions
         and the number of 65+ exemptions for "out-migrants to
         different county in same state".

    (D). If the number of under 65 exemptions or the number of
         65+ exemptions for "in-migrants from foreign" is less
         than 10, then suppress (by replacing the number with d)
         the number of under 65 exemptions and the number of 65+
         exemptions for "in-migrants from foreign".

    (E). If the number of under 65 exemptions or the number of
         65+ exemptions for "in-migrants from different state" is
         less than 10, then suppress (by replacing the number
         with d) the number of under 65 exemptions and the
         number of 65+ exemptions for "in-migrants from different
         state".

    (F). If the number of under 65 exemptions or the number of
         65+ exemptions for "in-migrants from different county in
         same state" is less than 10, then suppress (by replacing
         the number with d) the number of under 65 exemptions
         and the number of 65+ exemptions for "in-migrants from
         different county in same state".


D.  Final Complimentary Suppression:

If the total number of returns is not suppressed, then check for
complimentary suppressions:

    (A). If there is one and only one county within a state where
         a data variable has been suppressed, or if the sum of
         the values in the data cell for all suppressed counties
         is less than 10, then another county will be chosen for
         complimentary suppression.  Also, if the total number at
         the state level (rolled-up from the counties) equals the
         original state total and there is atleast one county
         with a suppression, then another county will be chosen
         for complimentary suppression.  Note that the counties
         chosen for complimentary suppression are the same as
         the counties chosen for complimentary suppression in the
         county-to-county migration flows data product.

    (B). All data variables are checked for complimentary
         suppression.  Only those variables involved in the
         suppression process are changed.

    (C). For a few data cells, the difference between the final
         (after suppression) value and the pre-suppression
         raw tabulated value, added to the state level, may
         be less that 10.  This occurs when a value is added
         into the cell from another cell for county A, and
         the value of the cell is added into another cell
         for county B.  The total amount of changes is greater
         than 10, even though the net difference in the
         data cell is less than 10.






       Part H.2 -- Suppression Procedures for the
      		County Income External Tally


A. Suppression Process for States:

If the total number of returns is less than 3, then all data for
the state will be suppressed.  Otherwise, the aggregate income
amount for will be suppressed if the number or returns with income
is less that 3 returns.  This check is done separately for 3 income
types (wage and salary, dividend, and interest).  Data is suppressed 
by adding it into the corresponding data cells for another state.  
Note that this should never occur.


B. Suppression Process for Counties:

If the total number of returns is less than 10, then all data for
the county will be suppressed.  Otherwise, the aggregate income
amount for will be suppressed if the number or returns with income
is less that 10 returns.  This check is done separately for 4
income types (wage and salary, dividend, and interest).  Data is 
suppressed by adding it into the corresponding data cells for 
another county.






       Part H.3 -- Suppression Procedures for the
         State-to-State Migration Flows


A. Suppression Process for In-migrants:

If the number of returns in the flow has less than 3 returns, then
the flow is suppressed by replacing the value with "d".

If the flow is between states in the U.S., then complimentary
suppression is made to three other flows, where the value for the
suppressed flow is replaced with "d". If (X1-to-X2) is the
suppressed flow, then another flow (Y1-to-Y2) is chosen for
complimentary suppression, where Y1 is in the same region as X1 and
Y2 is in the same region as X2.  The other two flows requiring
complimentary suppression are then (X1-to-Y2) and (X2-to-Y1).  This
same suppression will be carried forward into the county-to-county
flow suppression process.

If the flow is between a foreign and a state in the U.S., then
complimentary suppression is made to another foreign-state flow,
where the value for the suppressed flow is replaced with
"d".  If (FR-to-X2) is the suppressed flow, then another flow (FR-
to-Y2) is chosen for complimentary suppression, where Y2 is in the
same region as X2.  This same suppression will be carried forward
into the county-to-county flow suppression process.


B. Suppression Process for Out-migrants:

If the number of returns in the flow has less than 3 returns, then
the flow is suppressed by replacing the value with "d".

If the flow is between states in the U.S., then complimentary
suppression is made to three other flows, where the value for the
suppressed flow is replaced with "d". If (X1-to-X2) is the
suppressed flow, then another flow (Y1-to-Y2) is chosen for
complimentary suppression, where Y1 is in the same region as X1 and
Y2 is in the same region as X2.  The other two flows requiring
complimentary suppression are then (X1-to-Y2) and (X2-to-Y1).
This same suppression will be carried forward into the county-to-
county flow suppression process.

If the flow is between a state in the U.S. and foreign, then
complimentary suppression is made to another state-foreign flow,
where the value for the suppressed flow is replaced with
"d".  If (X1-to-FR) is the suppressed flow, then another flow (Y1-
to-FR) is chosen for complimentary suppression, where Y1 is in the
same region as X1. This same suppression will be carried forward
into the county-to-county flow suppression process.






       Part H.4 -- Suppression Procedures for the
           County-to-County Migration Flows


A. Suppression Process for Out-migrants:

If the total number of returns for the county is less that 10, then
all data for the county will be suppressed by adding it into the
data for another county.  These are the same counties as is done
for the gross migration tables.

If there is a state-to-state flow requiring suppression on the
state-to-state migration flow table, then the suppression and
complimentary suppressions required are done for all counties in
the state in the county-to-county flow data.

If there is a state-to-foreign flow requiring suppression on the
state-to-state migration flow table, then the suppression and
complimentary suppressions required are done for all counties in
the state in the county-to-county flow data.

If the total number of migrants for all flows is less than 10, the
total number of migrants for all flows in the U.S. is less than 10,
the total number of non-migrants is less than 10, or the number of
year-2 onlys is less that 10 returns, then all data for the county
will be suppressed.  For consistency with the migration total
processing, the data will be replaced with "d".

The migration summaries for all out-migrants from a county are
checked next.

If the number of out-migrants to foreign is less than 10, then it
will be suppressed by adding it into the number of out-migrants to
a different state.  All individual out-flows to foreign are also
suppressed.

If the number of out-migrants to a different state is less than 10,
or the number of out-migrants to a different county in the same
state is less than 10, then all out-migration data for the county
is suppressed.

If there is one and only one county in the state where the
migration summary data is suppressed, then another county in the
state is chosen for complimentary suppression.  All out-migration
data for that county is then suppressed.  Note that these counties
are the same as for the gross migration table.

If the county flow totals are suppressed (above), then the
individual out-flow data are also suppressed.  For the other
counties where the county flow totals are shown, then individual
county-to-county flow data may be shown, subject to the
suppressions listed below.

All individual county-to-county flows with less that 10 returns are
suppressed by combining them into 6 subtotal categories: foreign,
same state, different state-northeast region, different state-
midwest region, different state-south region, and different state-
west region.  If any of the 4 region subtotals have less that 10
returns, then the 4 region subtotals are collapsed into one
subtotal category   "different state".

If the number of returns in the "foreign" subtotal is less than 10,
then an individual out-migration flow to foreign with 10 or more
returns is suppressed by adding it into the "foreign" subtotal.

If the number of returns in the "same state" subtotal is less than
10, then an individual out-migration flow to a county in the same
state with 10 or more returns is suppressed by adding it into the
"same state" subtotal.

If the number of returns in the "different state" subtotal is less
than 10, then an individual out-migration flow to a county in a
different state with 10 or more returns is suppressed by adding it
into the "different state" subtotal.


B. Suppression Process for In-migrants:

If the total number of returns for the county is less that 10, then
all data for the county will be suppressed by adding it into the
data for another county.  These are the same counties as is done
for the gross migration tables.

If there is a state-to-state flow requiring suppression on the
state-to-state migration flow table, then the suppression and
complimentary suppressions required are done for all counties in
the state in the county-to-county flow data.

If there is a foreign-to-state flow requiring suppression on the
state-to-state migration flow table, then the suppression and
complimentary suppressions required are done for all counties in
the state in the county-to-county flow data.

If the total number of migrants for all flows is less than 10, the
total number of migrants for all flows in the U.S. is less than 10,
the total number of non-migrants is less than 10, or the number of
year-2 onlys is less that 10 returns, then all data for the county
will be suppressed.  For consistency with the migration total
processing, the data will be replaced with "d".

The migration summaries for all in-migrants to a county are checked
next.

If the number of in-migrants from foreign is less than 10, then it
will be suppressed by adding it into the number of in-migrants from
a different state.  All individual in-flows from foreign are also
suppressed.

If the number of in-migrants from a different state is less than
10, or the number of in-migrants from a different county in the
same state is less than 10, then all in-migration data for the
county is suppressed.

If there is one and only one county in the state where the
migration summary data is suppressed, then another county in the
state is chosen for complimentary suppression.  All in-migration
data for that county is then suppressed.  Note that these counties
are the same as for the gross migration table.

If the county flow totals are suppressed (above), then the
individual in-flow data are also suppressed.  For the other
counties where the county flow totals are shown, then individual
county-to-county flow data may be shown, subject to the
suppressions listed below.

All individual county-to-county flows with less that 10 returns are
suppressed by combining them into 6 subtotal categories: foreign,
same state, different state-northeast region, different state-
midwest region, different state-south region, and different state-
west region.  If any of the 4 region subtotals have less that 10
returns, then the 4 region subtotals are collapsed into one
subtotal category   "different state".

If the number of returns in the "foreign" subtotal is less than 10,
then an individual in-migration flow from foreign with 10 or more
returns is suppressed by adding it into the "foreign" subtotal.

If the number of returns in the "same state" subtotal is less than
10, then an individual in-migration flow to a county in the same
state with 10 or more returns is suppressed by adding it into the
"same state" subtotal.

If the number of returns in the "different state" subtotal is less
than 10, then an individual in-migration flow to a county in a
different state with 10 or more returns is suppressed by adding it
into the "different state" subtotal.
